Timestamp,"How did your conversation go?  Was it serious? Lighthearted? Humorous, or fun? Were you talking with friends, or family members, or acquaintances? ",How would you change this app to create the kind of conversation you want to have? ,Did something break? ,Did you experience any glitches with the app?,,"If you are a UW student using this app for a class, please enter your student ID",What events or questions did you find sparked the most conversation? Why? Where did those questions take your conversation? 
4/4/2017 19:20:06,test --katie,,,,,,
4/10/2017 8:14:46,"Woohoo, first game played with new graphics!",,,,,,
4/10/2017 17:19:34,awww its over :'(,,,,,,
4/10/2017 17:20:08,"Does a good job of facilitating conversations about the topics presented.

At the very end, ""thank you for playing"" message only had name of last player entered.

There was a reference to ""this comic"" but comic was not included.

Does the program use the age of the viewer to decide the level of complexity of the questions, or just when the event in question happened on the calendar?",,,,,,
5/23/2017 23:12:24,piece of shit app. tell rachel white to suck english dick shes a shitt prof,,,,,,
5/27/2017 15:37:44,Interesting ,,,,,,
5/28/2017 17:03:36,"Some of the question were worded strangely, but overall it was good! ",,,,,,
5/29/2017 22:08:46,awesome,,,,,,
11/21/2017 22:54:44,"Lighthearted in some parts, other times fairly serious ",Fill in a space for answers,,Nope!,,1628984,"Coal, we talked about how good solar and wind energy are compared to fossil fuels, and whether or not that’s because they’re just not as efficient or because they’re not as well funded and researched. 
Also, talking about what bodies of water we depend on. Another was the topic on how where you would go if this area wasn’t safe anymore due to climate change, and decided it depends on which area climate change isn’t as severe. Colorado was our best bet. "
11/21/2017 22:56:46,fun,nothing,,,,1560984,what do we eat today
11/21/2017 23:09:14,"I felt that the conversation went well. I talked with my sister and two friends, one of which has different opinions about climate change. 

I felt that the conversation was lighthearted initially, and then other subjects earned more in depth and serious. ","I would like a spot to fill in any answers and make notes about our answers, that way we can reflect back on them. ",,"No, but I did have a personal glitch and am submitting two forms, I didn’t put enough info on the first one, sorry!",,1628984,"One of the biggest conversation starters was was coal, and how efficient solar and wind are compared to coal. We also ended up talking about safety concerns, and whether or not coal is really efficient or if we just haven’t really worked on developing solar/wind energy. 
We also had a good discussion about the land where we live and what we depend on here. In relation to that, where we would go if it wasn’t safe to live here anymore due to flooding and land subsidation due to climate change. We decided on Colorado since it’s higher elevation. "
11/22/2017 21:24:08,Serious until we started talking about pikas. Friend.,"More open ended questions, like ""what have you heard about global warming?""",,No,,7833771,Talking about the pika being endangered. Definitely was an ice breaker.
11/22/2017 22:34:18,"The conversations went pretty well! I did it with two of my friends, Anika and Delenn, because I'm not going home for the holidays. From my observation, it seemed like they definitely believed in Climate Change but didn't always have facts to back it up, kind of just a general distaste for pollution/coal. It was lighthearted but also serious in the sense that we all really thought about the questions but there wasn't really any arguing because we all agreed. I constantly get into fights about climate change with my dad, who doesn't believe in climate change, despite having his masters in ocean geology. I would love to use this tool with him because I feel like it would moderate conversations and keep us from just yelling at each other. My friends were also asking a lot of questions about solar and wind power, as well as coal use in the US because they genuinely didn't know, so it definitely sparked an interest on their part by allowing them to figure out what they don't know. I really enjoyed how the game moderated the conversation and also presenting new facts to discuss.","I think the ""when so and so was 15, this happened"" is a little unnecessary. Maybe because all 3 of us are the same age, its less effective. I also think the UI could be a little more exciting, maybe add more graphics. I think turning this game into a physical card game in addition to the app, like cards against humanity, would make it more interactive for everybody as well, rather than us passing around a computer. ",,no,,1667348,"The question about rivers as people. None of us knew about this development and definitely saw it as a very interesting take on climate change. The lawmakers were also totally right; rivers are a life source for so many people, so why not treat them as life? But treating corporations as people is wrong because most corporations are not a life source to humans. Also, the proposition of paying for CO2 pollution sparked a lot of conversation. My friend, who is a global health major, was talking about how early developing countries have the highest rate of pollution related sickness due to this dependency of coal - paying for CO2 may make other energies cheaper, and the US paying for all of its pollution could go towards supporting other countries in reaching clean energy while also repairing the environment. I didn't expect my friends to be so passionate about climate change."
11/23/2017 18:20:28,"	I had a conversation with my parents and my brother. It was mostly light hearted, they are all scientists and engineers, so they knew a lot about the subjects already. We talked a lot about the issues in the current administration as well as the issues we have had the most experience with in our own lives. There were times when we got serious, or rather, irritated when talking about local and national issues with climate change. 
	We talked a lot about how we see things progressing in the future, and our issues with oversimplification of problems. Like my brother, who is a civil engineer with a focus on water management, talked about how dams act as large settling tanks so huge silt deposits build up meaning that they do not last that long. This is an issue because that means that hydroelectricity is something that has to be updated a lot and the environmental costs of actually building dams is not talked about
","	We noticed that a lot of these questions are not open ended, they can be quickly answered and don’t lead to much talking. There were many times where we just said yes or no and then moved on. We thought it would be more exciting to use questions that spark debate, try to divide people so they are forced to talk about uncomfortable things. My family agreed that just talking about things everyone agrees on is not very helpful.
	However, my family also noted that not everyone lives in a scientific based household that is always talking about climate change and other issues. In this case there may be more of a case to add more information to these questions, give more background and facts to sway skeptical people’s minds. Instead of saying, “What do you think could be some reasons for ____.”, say “What do you think of the following reasons? Do they seem viable?”. We also thought that the use of dates in relation to people’s ages was forced, we understood that this was in order to connect with the audience, but it just sounds repetitive. Perhaps instead of using age, compare it with other world events during the year you are talking about. ",,"	We did not experience any glitches with the app, though when it was finished it didn’t say anything and just sent us back to the front page (where you enter names and birth years) with a statement saying that no game data could be found. I’m not sure if this is intentional or something to worry about but it did seem a little odd. ",,1269708,"	
        The questions we talked most about were the ones that related the most to our lives. We talked about how my mother was at Washington State University when Mt. St. Helen’s erupted. She was basically trapped in her apartment for weeks due to the amount of ash on the roads. She remembers playing cribbage for days on end and the tragedy when the whole school ran out of beer. We also talked about the summer of 2006 in Europe when we were in France, during the heat wave. My brother went biking and ended up getting heat exhaustion.
	These questions sparked a lot of conversation and reminiscing on our childhoods and holidays. Mostly we laughed about the ridiculous nature of some of the questions. The one that talked about releasing ash to cool the world. My mom, who taught biology pointed out that this would prevent plants from photosynthesizing efficiently. There were also other questions to which my mom quickly replied, “Why aren’t we just planting more trees!”. "
11/23/2017 20:57:14,"I was with a group of friends and families while playing the Climate Conversation. The conversation was ok, nothing too serious. We went through the scenarios and answered the questions provided. The conversation didn't really start until we reached a familiar event that happened to one of us before. ","You should add details about the events alongside with the questions so that people could have a more in-deep story about the events. Start from general questions like do you know what causes flooding or drought to raise people attraction to the story then add on to the stories. May be add some pictures or videos about the events. Also, the question box is quite small, it is kinda boring to read a paragraph of small letters on the phone without any animations. ",,"When I tried to open the website on Safari, it won't open the conversation. The app keeps crashing on my iPhone. ",,1630169,"The event that sparked the most was the worst drought in California recently, happen at the end of the conversation. My families all live in California and we well understand the struggle of water shortage. We remember the big water bills, all the rules about water usage and the dry canal near our houses. "
11/23/2017 22:18:53,"I was talking with family members: my little sister Maya, my dad Alex and mom Abeer.  The conversation was actually quite enjoyable and educational, it was fun learning about issues and stances taken towards climate issues during different times and at specific years of our own lives.  My mom remembered when they banned CFCs and recalled her parents' reaction to climate science and climate change.  We enjoyed debating a little bit, but were on the same side most of the time!",This app DID create the kind of conversation I hoped to have.,,"Nope, it just didn't exactly tell us that the game ended; it just sort of took us back to the main page and said nothing - which kind of confused us for a second before realizing that that was the sign that it had ended.",,1775249,"We spoke mostly about our own experiences and observations of the environment and climate, and how they have changed over time.  My dad said that he has noticed a noticeabley less amount of precipitation over Jordan (Childhood country) in recent years than when he was a child.  Both he and my mother remember a time when snowfall was a common occurrence during the winter there, while it is a rare occurrence today.  As a child, my mother has experienced far more snowstorms and cold weather than my sister.  I said that for a number of recent years we have been experiencing much more unstable weather than before - with hurricanes and earthquakes becoming more and more frequently occurring. "
11/23/2017 23:54:20,"Over the holiday break, I convinced my family to try the app on the evening of Thanksgiving. I interviewed my father (Jon, 54), mother (Melonie, 54), and brother (Luke, 21). I have ten of my fifteen credits dedicated to the topic of climate change (ATM S 111 and ENGL 199) so this is a topic that I feel strongly about even though my family isn't exposed to it in the slightest way. 

I was tentative going into the conversation because I know that my family doesn't have the same views on science that I do; ""Christians tend to deny climate change and accept that everything happens for a reason."" I was pleasantly surprised to find that the questions asked steered the conversation in a gentle and unbiased way. It was easier for my family to answer questions honestly rather than being wary about their answer being pushed in one direction. It provided a smooth platform for me to interject and offer a different solution, fact, or opinion that I've learned during my education here at UW. 

Everyone in my family tends to think that what ever they know is true no matter what; it's their way or the highway. Because of this, the conversation was more serious because with every answer they provided, they also gave an explanation for why they were right (which was rare). I had to act as a mediator at times because they would interrupt each other and bicker when it wasn't their turn to answer a question. It was difficult to not become aggravated at times because the knowledge and awareness of climate change in my family was so narrow. I had to remind myself that this is a big issue when talking about climate change, though, and accept that just because they don't agree with me now doesn't mean that they can't grow and learn, too.","I think the app is really creative and cool. It's important to start conversation about climate change so we can come to a solution (eventually) for this global issue.

If I could change anything, it would be to add possible talking points for each question. There was one that asked ""what would you do to fix _____?"" My mother could only come up with one possible solution so I took the time to Google a few others to keep the conversation going. If there was a bullet list of other solutions and their implications, I think it would be useful to help guide the conversations if it goes dry.

Other than that, I wouldn't change a thing!",,"There was one time that I clicked the next button once but I think it skipped twice. Also, when the round is over it didn't say anything to inform me that the conversation was over and it ended abruptly... maybe including an ending page to wrap the simulation up would be helpful! ",,1729638,"Without a doubt, I found that the questions that sparked the most conversation were ones involving politics. Everyone in my family is a hardcore conservative so it's easy to see why they don't always agree with me (raised conservative, but changing since in college). It was interesting to see even when a question wasn't politically stimulated, they would somehow still bring a political viewpoint into play.

My mother was the only one who explicitly stated that the reasoning behind most of her answers was because she identifies with the Republican Party which leans one way. My father, on the other hand, was adamant that what ever answer he gave was the right one. Before we even started the conversation, he prefaced the discussion with the claim that ""if we would just plant more trees, the earth would stop 'warming.'"" It's hard to convince someone that was raised a certain way and learned the most about climate change when he was younger (when circumstances and knowledge were vastly different) that they're not up-to-date with new information. My brother's answers were the most mixed because he personally is Republican but his girlfriend is a Democrat who has created her scientific portfolio on global warming. When I provided information that I gained over the past few moths, he was the most willing to understand and reason for a compromise between our two viewpoints.

I think these questions on scientific policy over the years sparked the most conversation because it defies what they base their political ideology on and makes them want to defend their identity. This emphasizes the essence of the issues seen when discussing to climate change; it doesn't depend on the facts presented, it depends on what one personally wants to believe. When I told my mom that the US is one of the highest emitters of CO2, she outright didn't believe me because she doesn't see how you can track CO2 back to a country... "
11/24/2017 0:50:02,I was talking with family and it started out lighthearted but got more deep and sometimes a little sad.,We varied off topic many times to other issues so it was open enough where it was easy to talk about the other things that were prevalent on our minds. Some questions were too “easy” like have you ever experienced an earthquake or whatever where it was like: y/n and no further discussion. There was a couple more questions that were too close ended.,,Sometimes I would click the next button and I wouldn’t realize that it had actually worked so I’d click it again and then I’d realize that I had accidentally skipped a question. Maybe change it so ta more easy to tell that the question had changed ,,1763516,"The mt St. Helens eruption was talked about bcuz he remembered vividly what it was like emerging from his dorm and how it felt like it was a whole different world. Also, the drought thing in California was talked about and since my uncle lives in California he had lots of information. He had nice suggestions on how water allotment could be changed. Although families were using sanctioned water, homes are only using a little sliver of the water when compared to like farming. However, farmers use water for food so it’s worth it. Drought resistant crops should be prioritized over crops such as almonds tho. "
11/24/2017 11:04:42,"I played the ClimateConversations game with my sister, mom, and dad. We all have very differing views on politics, with my sister being liberal, my mom and I being moderately conservative, and my dad being a conservative. The conversation was fun but also serious, although it did not get heated. Since the questions were fairly direct to a specific individual, it seemed as if the other players “tuned out” for the questions not directed at them. My dad was incredibly educated on the topics mentioned from years past and my sister did not know many of the current environmental issues.

My sister does not like to argue about political issues with our family, so she never responded to my dad’s comments on being semi-skeptical of the severity of man-made climate change. I could tell she disagreed, though, and wish she would have spoken up. My sister, mom, and dad all agreed that humans should do what we can do help the environment, no matter the severity of manmade climate change!","I think the app would benefit from having some debate-styled questions related to a lot of the problems we see today. People like to know about the tangible issues that they face each and every day. 

I think there should be an education aspect to the app, as well. Many of the questions revolved around knowing about something or remembering an event, but there was no information if one of the players didn't have any knowledge. 

Additionally, I think having more open-ended questions about the severity of climate change, where people think it comes from the most, and anything that shares their knowledge would help the game engage in more conversation. If the game allowed two people to answer the question and incite some back and forth, I think it would do a lot of good. I also think having an answer box to take notes or submit some immediate responses to the questions would be good.

Lastly, I wasn't really sure how to use the app based on its interface. I didn't know how many questions were left and didn't see anything on the screen other than the questions. I think a menu would help. ",,"Yes, it glitched out after the last question! It went back to the name and birthdate screen.",,1635914,"The questions that sparked the most interest were the ones that didn’t have much of an age requirement on them. Obviously, my sister wasn’t alive during most of the events mentioned during my dad’s questions, so it was hard for her to relate or discuss those issues. On the flip side, questions about recent events or general thoughts on climate change sparked the most conversation. 

Both my dad and sister mentioned the difficulty of enacting positive environmental policies that don’t harm a certain group of people. In fact, I think that’s what makes environmental policy so incredibly polarizing. Additionally, they both mentioned how difficult it is to balance the economic needs through the environment and personal needs. While my mom and dad took a more limited government approach to environmental issues, my sister lobbied for more restrictions, especially when it came to the question on California droughts.

My dad, sister, mom, and I all talked about how we thought we had seen ""warming"" in our lifetimes. "
11/24/2017 12:43:46,"Overall, I would say that the conversation was not as productive as it could have been. This was because my family members are not very knowledgeable about the science of global warming. This lack of knowledge made the whole conversation surface level, because, even when I tried to explain topics, like natural climate cycles, my family members would not easily abandon their misconceptions.

Some of these misconceptions included the beliefs that global warming would lead to more hurricanes, or that the recent drought in California was caused by global warming. My family members believe in climate change, but they tend to take a doomsday-like, overdramatic stance, taking everything they hear in the media as truth. 	

Regardless of our disagreements, the conversation was respectful, and we were all in agreement over basic claims, such as the importance of addressing global warming as a society.
","
One addition that would make a meaningful contribution to the app would be the inclusion of more concrete data within or after the questions. When talking with people who don’t know the actual science of climate change, it can be hard to have a meaningful discussion. This is because everything is just opinion when there aren’t facts to base your answers on. If the app provided us with basic information that explained accepted facts about climate change, then it would be easier to discuss their implications. 

Some data that might be included is the hockey stick graph and the keeling curve. These two pieces of data show a correlation between CO2 emissions and temperature. This would be helpful to establish the facts of global warming.
",,,,1636063,"The questions about water usage and drought were particularly effective in sparking conversation because my family lives in California. With the recent drought, the state of California has experienced our future climate, with dry regions getting drier as a result of global warming. This topic brought up the questions of water management and the possibility of moving more agriculture away from California to regions with more precipitation.

Another topic we discussed was the amount of waste our society produces. We all agreed that our culture of mindless consumerism should change to focus on sustainability. Citing the recent switch from plastic bags to paper bags, my Dad argued that it is possible to shift the popular mindset about environmental issues through economic incentives. We also all agreed that the government should take a more active role in regulation of emissions. 
"
11/24/2017 13:40:44,"Some friends of mine and myself participated in Climate Conversations app. I would say that we usually talk about the environment when we are together and share ideas that we may have heard or learned about recently in life. So we are all very comfortable talking with each other about the topic of climate change. Our overall conversations about climate change can get very serious. But I think that our conversations seem to even get very broad in topics since most of us have only taken a course or two on climate change. Climate Conversations did help take the conversation out of a broad range, so that we could talk about more specific happenings, how we would feel about different scenarios, and creatively think more actively. Which did add a different element than our normal conversations. ",It would be fun to be able to pick a region or topic that we would like to discuss specifically.,,We experienced quite a bit. It kept taking us back to the main page and saying that there was no progress found. ,,1771116,"I found that the questions that asked us about our personal experiences with the weather in our hometowns during the same years of hotter than normal environments. It did spark a lot of laughter about things we did to stay cool. I think that we all came to the conclusion that none or us, nor do we know anyone personally that has been affected my extreme heat. But that it can be extremely dangerous. Especially, because most of us have never had air conditioning in Seattle and all came from parts of the country where every home has central air installed. 

Another topic that we all felt particulary keen to talk about for a while was our connection to different ecosystems and natural places. I would say that we all, coming from cities, have similar experiences of connecting with nature for the first time since childhood by growing up and going on hikes n such. And that when we connected back with nature, that we were about to learn self care and from there it extended to care for our surrounding environments. "
11/24/2017 15:03:18,"Since the conversation was going on during the holiday, the tone of the conversation was kind of relaxable but mixed with some seriousness when touching some important topics. I was talking with my roommates who is all current university students. Our responses all come both from our educational background and from the knowledge that we exchanged during that conversation.","I think the questions in this app are involved and ponderable. I think if possible, the app can engage with some game strategies and add some prizes for winners or person who contribute the most. This might be hard since there is no single correct answer for any climate changes topics in this app, in this way, I recommend engaging some animation and virtual roles might be helpful.",,"I did not experience any glitch, everything went smoothly and the name shown in the questions matched with the names we provided.",,1539609,"There are some topics that sparked the opinions. The most compelling one should be the inquiry on whether or not the countries or individuals who created pollution should pay for it. 
Until now, we seldom hear countries charge their citizens for polluting the air. Maybe this will be done in the future, but we thought there are several burdens: firstly, new technical have to be invented to record how much pollution every individual creates everyday, or the charge cannot be fairly distributed. secondly, even though in the future countries are able to track how much pollution its citizens emit per day, it is hard to reach the consensus on how much a country as a whole should pay the world on pollution. thirdly, if developing countries is going to take up the majority of the air pollutions in the world, how can they afford the big portion of the pie of charge compared to that of the developed countries who pollute little in the future due to their engagement with high tech will be another complicate question.
There are also some other topics we enthusiastically discussed through the conversation. For example, recalling the storm experienced in our lives. One of my roommates from Hong Kong just experienced a hurricane back home during the last summer break. she recalled that even though the hurricane was pretty strong and brought heavy rain into the city, all the major operations of the city were keeping operating. For example, the airport was not seriously affected by the bad weather. I think all these are benefitted from the effective government management and forecast. 
The conversation went though many highlights. After the conversation, we concluded that climate change is like an ecosystem, in which a small change in one part can affect another. We are all living in this ecosystem, no one can be discharged from pollution and every one can be a contributor by contributing to the ecosystem and the climate.

"
11/24/2017 17:26:07,"It was serious and humorous, and I talked to family members ",I feel like this app is set up quite nicely except if you expect students to writer about certain questions make it easier for students to re-access the questions. ,,"The app said ""No game progress was found"" after I finished all three rounds.  ",,1733195,The events that sparked the most conversation were the questions about superfund sites. My family grew up next to the Hanford nuclear clean up planet and my parents worked for companies that aided the clean up process so they were very knowledgable about those topics. 
11/24/2017 17:47:33,"The conversation was between me and my fraternity brothers as we spent Thanksgiving break together. As much as I believed it to be short, quick answers that had little thought or specifics involved, I was wrong. The conversations for each round were very serious as my brothers evidently take Climate Change to heart and have quite specific opinions on each controversial issue in relation to it. 

There were times that we disagreed, yet kept it at a conversation, not argumentative, level. That was expected, though, and I was super excited to see how engaged all of my brothers got while different questions were proposed. It is nice to know that there are people who care as much as I do when it comes to saving our planet, or at least impacting it, before our death. Ultimately it was nice to have this conversation with my brothers and see where more of their morals and values are!","What would be cool with this app is if we could do a scenario-path every now and then. So, basically what you would do is give a scenario that is controversial related to climate change and then two different paths that all of us playing the game could choose from. Each player could choose a different path and then it leads to another two options and so on and so forth until only one person ultimately wins as the other players chose the wrong path/decision. This would be really fun because it would get each person to critically think about their decision on a real-life basis and show what the consequences could be if we chose the wrong option.

Besides that idea though I really enjoyed the questions that each scenario asked my group and it was good, like I mentioned above, to see where my friends are at related to climate change. If this was an app on the phone too, like the app store, it could potentially be even more convenient and you could play it while standing in line at an amusement park or something to pass the time! ",,No.,,1736263,"The first question that was asked was very insightful for me and my friends as it asked what is harder to handle: a major flooding problem or a long drought. To us, we all agreed that a long drought would be much more difficult to handle because with major flooding we can invest in ways to keep the flooding to somewhat of a minimum while with a long drought we can't essentially add more rain/acquire more water, while with a flooding problem we will at least have a ton of excess water which we can use to our advantage. It also brought us to the time that my hometown Huntington Beach just recently got out of a two year drought which was a terrible time as we could barely water our lawns and the shower times had to be very efficient.

The question that was related to how to distribute water during a drought was also quite eye-opening with my group. I would not have thought of the strategies that my friend Frank Poon came up with. He mentioned that we should use the cleanest of waters for the functions that will result in human survival, while filtered/dirtier water from the drought can be allocated to the technologies or things that do not need the cleanest of waters at all times. This led us to think and research about how important it is to have fully filtered water to water plants, as many of the cleanest waters from the drought can be given to the large city people while the rest can be distributed to agricultural purposes to ensure we still have enough food.

Finally, after a few rounds, it brought us to a question about paying for pollution. To combat this we felt it was best to tax companies based on how much they pollute as this will be the easiest statistic to get logistics on, compared to making individual humans pay to pollute (this would be way too difficult to regulate). Many people, I feel, would answer yes and leave it. We must look at this with a clear mind and realize it would be impossible to keep track of everyone or every companies personal pollution amount, so we could only keep doing this on an industrial basis in my opinion."
11/24/2017 17:56:47,"The conversations were often lighthearted. As I told the different scenarios my family would often joke around about how old certain family members were. In addition to this, my family would joke around and say things like ""Climate change doesn't exist"" and that climate change is just a joke so the government can make more money. 
Aside from all the jokes being told, with each new scenario I asked, I noticed that my family was giving honest answers and that new people were gathering around to listen and add their opinion too. In the end, I was only interviewing 3 people but about 10 people were sitting around the conversation adding in their opinion too. 
Often times the answers were very honest and people disagreed with each other in what they thought would be the best answer. For example the app asked if the rights of people and bodies of water are the same as the rights of people and business. Many people debated whether those two should be iterated the dame or not. ",I believe this app is actually set up pretty well. I think it would be better if the events mostly stayed within the youngest participants age range just so that the conversation doesn't dwell between the group. I also think you should show how many conversations are left to go. ,,"At the end of all three rounds the game said ""No game progress found"" ",,1733195 (re-doing it to make it more thorough) ,"I found that questions asking about superfund projects and government aided projects sparked the most conversation. My family grew up in Richland Washington which is the city closest to the Hanford nuclear plant (a superfund project). My family was very knowledgable about this topic and were very interested in the superfund projects. 
While some topics were hard to talk about like the the Nixon era since not every person in the room was alive during this, the superfund projects sparked conversations even outside of the prompted question. Both of my parents work for companies that work on cleaning top the nuclear site, so they were both very passionate about projects similar to theirs. They also had very strong opinions about how people should go about government aided projects. "
11/24/2017 18:29:12,"The conversation went smoothly, though the flow seemed broken up by a few odd questions. It was casual but all participants treated it seriously. I was speaking with my immediate family, all of whom look at climate science and the environment with great importance. For the most part, we agree that the biggest differences need to come from regulations on carbon emissions, not just in our country but around the globe. Though individuals matter too, and we discussed some ways that we could minimize our own family's impact, such as eating less meat.
This is also mostly due to coincidence, but two pairs of participants were born on the same year. Some of the questions were duplicates between two attempts at using the site.","Many of the questions were very brief, and could be answered with a simple yes/no. For instance, the question, ""what sort of negative effects come from working in a coal mine"", doesn't leave much room for opinion-based discussion. I feel that the question could be changed to something like, ""does the energy gained from coal mining make up for the negative effects on the miners?"" This would encourage interpretation on the relationship between immediate and distant consequences.",,Did not experience any glitches.,,1721301,"The questions that sparked the most conversation were the ones addressing the relationships and responsibilities of various countries. They expand the scope of the conversation to more than just the local area. A large portion of the conversation was centered on the economical impacts of changing regulations on developing countries. Specifically, what would happen if all countries had the same taxation and regulations on carbon emissions. The general consensus was that while enforcing all countries equally is the most fair, it's not the most achievable goal, especially with large cultural differences regarding climate science internationally.
We also spoke quite a bit about the topic on heat waves. Since parts of my family come from Arizona and the Eastern Europe, there were lots of examples of heat waves or consistent heat, and how they individually dealt with it.
"
11/24/2017 22:27:26,"The conversation went fairly well. I talked with my parents and grandparents who all have fairly similar viewpoints on the topic of global warming, so there was unison amongst the group. All participants seemed to be knowledgable and passionate about the subject matter. Despite the fact that I am currently getting educated in a class specifically relating to the subject, I felt my family was impressively educated in the effects of global warming throughout the world.

The conversion was mostly serious, because my family members felt very passionate about the questions being asked. I come from a family that cares a lot about the environment and the impact humans have on keeping the environment stable. For example, my dad drives an electric car, and my mom refuses to take a shower that's longer than five minutes. This passion carried throughout the conversation making it interesting and insightful. ","I think it would be cool to allow people who use this app to choose from different topics of conversation. The usage of birth years is really smart, but once you plug that in, I think it would be beneficial to have a variety of topics to choose from such as sea level rise, or endangered species, or natural deserters, etc. This way people can talk about things they are either more passionate or knowledgable about. For example, my dad could go on and on about sea level rise, so if he had the option to have a whole conversation on that subject, he would probably be more excited than having to talk about random subjects.

This also would benefit people that are trying to educate others in a specific area. For example my grandpa is very educated in some aspects of global warming, but can be very illogical in other parts. Having the opportunity to pick a specific category could give someone the chance to pick a topic my grandpa is less informed in, and then educate in him that specific area.  

One other thing I would change is the vagueness of some of the questions. Questions like ""what's it like?"" can be interpreted in a lot of different ways and lead to some confusion amongst the group. More directional questions would be very beneficial. ",,"No, I did not experience any glitches with the app.",,1736280,"The questions that sparked the most conversation were ones that pertained to specific, well-known incidences that took place during their lifetime. For example, my grandma specifically remembered seeing a picture of the world for the first time. She went on to tell us how she felt seeing it and how much life has changed with the abundance of technology that we have access to. My dad also went into detail about how is company and others like his around the world have created programs for helping people when they're homes or businesses are destroyed by natural disasters.

These type of questions that allowed the participants to find relatable experiences are what made for the most interesting type of conversations. My family members got excited when they were able to talk about a memory or a past experience that related to the question. They also really liked questions that made them think about things in a way they never had before. For example, the question about giving a river or a corporation the same rights as a person sparked their interest because it was something they had never thought of before. "
11/25/2017 15:35:51,"The conversation went well -- I was talking with my mom and two of my friends. All of them are believers in climate change and the fact that humans have a role in climate change, but they were also not extremely knowledgeable about the topic in general. A lot of the questions confused them and led me to have to explain a lot of the concepts I learned in class, but once I explained, they understood the questions and were able to answer it. The main thing that I realized from the conversation was how all three of them, mainly my mom, continued to answer in a way that addressed their concern for climate change, although they weren't too knowledgable about what they were talking about. 
 The conversation was not very lighthearted as well, but also not serious. It was not lighthearted because all three of them did realize that climate change is a serious topic and therefore did not want to treat it as a joke. However, it was not super serious either because none of them were extremely knowledgeable about the topic, so therefore I do not think they truly realize just how harmful and vast climate change is. For example, when my mom asked about the ways in which she thinks population growth will affect her personally, she mentioned things like it being harder for her to travel or it affecting where she wants to live in her retirement. I realized that she doesn't see very much how population growth affects the environment and how it may affect the livelihood or her kids and grand kids. ","I think I would make it more interactive. For example, maybe the app could give me an option to to put what kind of response the person had to the question, which would maybe then lead the app to generating a follow-up question to the previous question. Sometimes I felt like it was hard to guide the conversation, and there were times when they gave very simple answers to the questions they were asked. I think the app would be stronger if it was better at telling you how you should get the conversation to go or if it suggested follow-up questions that you could ask. 
I also would change the app to make the questions even more thought-provoking, and would perhaps challenge a person with their own beliefs. I thought the questions were good, but did play it a little bit safe at times, and U think ultimately the app would be more meaningful and educational if the safe questions were mixed in with some more controversial ones. I think talking about controversial and more ""taboo"" topics about climate change would lead to more stimulating conversation, as long as people are able to listen to each other and respect each other's answers. Maybe you should even be able to choose the type of question you want to be asked -- there could be different ""levels"" of questions, with level 1 not being controversial and level 5 being very controversial. ",,"Yes - when I was done with the app it then told me it didn't save. Also, when I tried to play it at first it said internal error at first, but then it worked after I tried again. ",,1729860,"When my friend Amelie was asked if she or anyone she knew had ever experienced a damaging storm, she said that her uncle's house in Mexico had been extremely affected by the recent Tropical Storm Lidia. She said that the storm ""pounded Cabo"", and that the harsh winds blew everything away that could be blown away. Amelie's uncle's motorcycle was about a mile down the street and things like his tarp also flew away. I then asked Amelie if she thought that the storm was due to global warming, and she said she wasn't too sure. I was honest and said I wasn't exactly sure either. I talked about how having more water vapor in the atmosphere may had led to the storm being stronger than it otherwise would have been, but it is still hard to tell how much climate change actually contributed to the storm. Still, this question provoked a good conversation as Amelie got more of an explanation of how global warming may have played a role in the Cabo storm. 
Another question that led to a good conversation was when my mom was asked if she remembered the Montreal Protocol, which was enacted when my mom was 16. My mom said how she remembered her mom telling her that they would not be able to used a certain kind of hairspray anymore because it was bad for the environment. However, my mom never knew why the hairspray was actually bad for the environment until I explained it to her during our discussion. We began to talk about the ozone layer, and my mother was shocked to find out that the ozone hole is not even something we need to worry about anymore. She still thought that the whole in the ozone layer was a big threat and had not been solved yet. She was surprised and intrigued about the information I told her, and told me that she wished she paid more attention to the real reason she had to switch her hairspray when she was 16. 
My friend Harper was also asked if she thinks people everywhere should pay to pollute the air, and this question led to a conversation about carbon leakage. My friends and my mom were all really interested to learn about carbon leakage, and it opened their eyes and helped them realize how a country can be contributing to climate change, just in a place that is not in that country. All three of them agreed that countries should be held accountable for outsourcing their emissions to other countries. "
11/25/2017 16:21:11,"I completed this assignment with my mom and step dad at the dinner table at home. The conversation went really well and I was surprised at how much my family knew about global warming already. I was also pleased with how willing they were for me to teach them about what I have been learning in this class. For example, my mom believed that CO2 was causing the ozone layer to open, and I took that opportunity to explain to her how CFCs were actually the cause of the hole in the ozone layer, and how that problem has been virtually solved (the ozone layer will be completely closed by 2060).

It was fun to have the opportunity to discuss a topic that I am passionate about with the people that I care about. I value my family's opinions and I'm thankful that they value mine and were willing to listen to what I have been learning about in this class. It was interesting to hear the opinions of two people who have not recently taken any classes about global warming. I'm glad that we were all respectful of each other's opinions, especially when they did not completely line up with one another's beliefs. Thus, the conversation we had was fairly serious and even sobering at times, but overall we all agreed that it was very interesting and fun to discuss the complex and divisive topic of global warming.","This app was fantastic in acting as an instigator of fascinating discussion about the fascinating topic of global warming. Perhaps the app could have additional settings allowing the user to pick and choose more specific topics to discuss via questions revolving around the user's chosen topics. For example, the user could check off topics they are interested from a list, such as the following:
Sea level rise
Carbon dioxide emissions
Ocean acidification
Agriculture
Extreme weather (drought, flooding, hurricanes, etc.)
Opposition to global warming
Then the questions generated by the app could be more tailored to the user's desires (perhaps via tags on each question).",,Nope!,,1374314,"Most, if not all, of the questions that the app gave us were great at sparking conversation. It was especially interesting to me how all of us had an immediate emotional response to each question. Sometimes, however, using facts and evidence from our experiences, the help of Google, and my class notes, worked to persuade each other to either change our position, or more commonly allow each other to understand where each of us were coming from in our opinions and beliefs about global warming. 

The question that I believe to have sparked the most conversation was ""Do you expect that the growth in human population will have an impact on you, personally?"" We spent by far the most time discussing this question and it sparked many follow up questions and led us on many tangents. Some of us believed that it will impact us personally, while others believed it wouldn't. Then we began to get off track slightly, but it was no less of an interesting discussion. We began to discuss more political issues like how global warming will affect people of different social standings and incomes, how global warming will affect taxes, and how it will affect food and poverty. This was some of the most interesting conversation we had because it gave me a better idea about the stances that my family has on the many issues that are intrinsically tied to global warming. I'm glad we were able to have a respectful and calm conversation about a topic that all too often brings out the worst in people because it makes them angry or scared, or relies too heavily on unsupported facts and figures."
11/25/2017 17:24:33,"The conversation started off kinda lightheartedly because we don't usually talk about climate change and don't really know much about the questions. We started the conversations by talking about what we know and kind of expand on from there. The conversation started off lightheartedly but then slowly turned a bit more serious as we got more and more serious. It took a while for us to get in this serious mood since we rarely discuss in such serious manner. 

I was doing this conversation with my friends who are in the same age as me. I picked them because thought they would have better knowledge than other people I know since they all go to college like I do. They are also who I would occasionally chat scholarly with about some technical stuff. ","I think that including some explanations or knowledge in form of video would help, just like in our homework. Since some of the questions included some specific knowledge like date or process, some explanation would help. I know that most of the questions are intended to be a free response question, but some background knowledge will help us build off the conversation. For some questions, we had to google for some information to aid our talk.

Perhaps adding voice over narration would help too. For me, this app acted like a host for our conversation, and having a voice reading the prompts and the questions would enhance the over all experience. ",,"I originally planned to do a conversation with 5 of my friends. Since you asked to do 3 round per person, I chose 3 questions per person at the bottom of the first page. And when I clicked start it showed ""Internal Server Error"". I managed to start to app reducing the participants to 3 and 2 questions per person. After answering about 2 questions per person, it bounced back to the very first start page and showed ""There was a problem loading your game state: No game in progress found"". Not sure if It means im done or is it really an error. ",,1764811,"It was the question about charging people and companies for air pollution. This is the question that we don't need much background knowledge to to answer. We can just answer and talk about what know. We were not limited by an actual date or technical concept. We talked more on this question in particular because this question is talking about air, something thats a necessity to us and we are depended on it. 

We talked a lot and expanded quite far on this question. We brought up about charging for polluted water and sewer. We have also talked about economic externality since since pollution is related to it. Also questions like How are we charging it? It is fair? How will the portions be charged? How much to charge?..."
11/25/2017 18:49:11,"The conversations were serious, because all of us are really into this topic. It does have an impact on us and in our society. We talked about our concerns and talked about what we thought were the causes. It was good to have a serious conversation because it’s something we don’t often get to talk about. With so much going on, this kind of survey/game is a good chance for people to notice the issues because they often don’t get talked about in a serious way. We can look at different opinions and changes we have noticed/impacts from global warming.
I decided to interview my younger brother first because when I told him I was taking the course, he told me that he wanted to be updated on what we learned about every week and the causes of global warming. He is very into science and interested in this topic. Apparently they mention global warming at his high school but not deeply enough about the topic. He is very concerned about what is going to affect the future of planet and how. He is worried about what the outcome of the planet will be. What he believes he knows about global warming is what he sees in the media and when the movies make false outcomes from global warming and how it makes them suddenly end the world and everything. He used to believe those sort of movies but because he doesn't get taught that much about this, he can only believe what is given to him. But this talk allowed us to clear things up and I would just wish that they would teach more about global warming and the causes/ outcomes in schools so it doesn't create these false assumptions. Especially recently with the hurricanes that have been happening and everyone believing that global warming causes many more hurricanes. But really the hurricanes are expected to increase in intensity but not in number. Without experts telling us this, people wouldn't even know and would assume, global warming is causing more hurricanes. Which is why talking about this could help people understand the topics. 
I also interviewed my mom and dad. I think interviewing both of them was helpful because they have been in Seattle for a very long time and they have seen the changes that have been happening, since they have lived in the same area most of their lives. I thought that talking to them would be a good idea because they don't necessarily talk about global warming and I don't think people have that much knowledge about it, and believe false things like what we see in the movies, aka ""2012,"" and ""The Day After Tomorrow."" Of course I care about them and wanted to talk to them about what is going and the changes happening, what actually is causing global warming and how we can change the way we live.  All of our talks were mostly fun and serious to help each other make sense of it and very eye opening. 
","The App was fine, it had a bit of confusion but other than that the conversations allowed us to expand our thinking. When we talk about global warming, we think of Sea level rise, polar bears, Warming, etc. But I didn’t think about other scenarios that are also affecting global warming but not talked about as much. There were a few questions about coal mines and we don't often think about their relationship with global warming and some other questions about alternative energy like using solar and wind energy.  There were definitely some questions that opened my eyes or that I didn’t necessarily think about having an association with global warming. So it was cool that the app could have other questions, instead the commonly asked questions, like what do you think is global warming and what causes it? It stretches your thinking a little bit and better to not get asked the same questions over and over.
",,"No glitches but kind of confusing to use. I didn’t know where to start so I just started clicking around till it took me to the home page. I think if there were instructions it could help. Also it said “No game in progress found,” at the end of the game and would take me to the home page where it says, “Get ready to travel through time,” so I did not know if the game was over or not. And I did it many times but said the same thing over and over. ",,1625296,"Since my brother and I frequently talk about this topic, I am familiar with most of his concerns so we stretched out our conversations. With these questions it allowed us to give us scenarios and asked questions pertaining to the topic, which helped me to keep the conversation going. We talked a lot about Sea level rise, because he is most concerned about this and he is concerned that some parts of the world will be under water pretty soon which concerns him. I think there was a question talking about waters that we mostly depend on or if we should respect a body of water like we do a person, and we started talking about waters specifically in the Pacific Northwest, because we grew up here all our lives and throughout, we have seen changes to the waters. We need to treat the waters better because waters aren't as healthy and some waters that used to be clean are no longer swimming friendly and can’t fish in some, where people used to. For example, Green Lake used to populated  a lot by the public and full of swimmers but now, it is very rare because the waters are not safe and polluted and toxins are found in them more frequently. It crazy to see how the places where we grew up around are changing for the worse. Most of the lakes and bodies of waters surrounding Seattle are not swimming friendly and even gross to think about people swimming in them, compared to before when they were a little more cleaner. 
I also interviewed my mom and dad and so everyone I interviewed has lived in Seattle for a majority of their lives so they are prone to the changes. My parents and I talked about how crazy the temperatures have changed. In Seattle, We have noticed that summers have been hotter than ever before. It was weird to think about how odd our temperatures were in the past week, as well because, last Friday it was freezing and windy, and felt as if we were in some sort of winter storm but a few days later, it was so warm that it felt like we were in summer with temperatures reaching 70 degrees in certain places. This was the first time we had ever seen anything like this. Times have definitely changed because we had never witnessed anything this odd happening in Seattle. Every season feels weirder than the one before and living in Seattle doesn't feel the way it used to and there are always new surprises in terms of weather and temperature.

 I think interviewing all three of them was a good idea because we have all lived in the same area and we can distinguish how Seattle and our area has changed but also pay attention to how things are changing. We had similar opinions about the kind of questions that were asked and agreed a lot to what we were each saying. Allowing us to talk about this, gave us the chance to talk about ways we could change the way we live to help in a way. We agreed to use the cars less often and try to carpool when possible and make less trips to places. Another change we agreed on was to turn off the lights that aren’t being used. My dad and brother tend to leave lights on or have multiple lights on when in a room so we agreed to have less lights on and turn off unnecessary lights. The fact that I brought this app to them actually allowed us to have a beneficial talk and if more people use it, it could make a bigger impact. 
"
11/26/2017 11:09:19,"The conversation went pretty smoothly. Since I spent the holiday mainly with my dad's side of the family, most of the people who played the game with me ended up actually having similar thoughts on climate change. Although, since everyone comes from different backgrounds, there was some variability in answers. 
As everyone I was playing with had the same ""let's not turn the holiday into a discussion about politics"" mindset, the conversation was extremely lighthearted and people were surprisingly willing to hear people out about their opinions on certain topics such as coal mining. 
I was talking with mainly my family members: brother and dad, but also some of my dad's employees at his small company.","I actually thoroughly enjoyed how the app formulated conversation with my group of players. I would not change much about this app. I really enjoy how it will tie the players into the scenario (such as, ""when Emma was 14, so and so happened... "" etc) because it allows the other players, such as my brother and dad to personally remember where they were at in their lives during that point by relating it to my age and it gives a more personal touch on the conversation. 
I also really liked (and was also happily surprised) with the types of questions the game asked us. Instead of asking questions that directly involve political actions and decisions, it asks very simply questions such as ""are floods or droughts worse?"" that can be discussed in a very polite and civil way by people of all sorts of beliefs about the climate. It gives the group of people a lot of options regarding the conversation they want to have; the group can have a conversation that strictly discusses the questions the app is asking, but it also gives them the opportunity to connect to question to even bigger questions or debates in the world of climate change if they want to.",,I did not experience any glitches!,,1734905,"One question that sparked a lot of conversation amongst my group of players was the situation/questions regarding drought in California. This sparked a lot of conversation because my family/ the group of people at the holiday are from California and were currently in California, and were personally super affected my the drought! My dad talked a TON about the drought and all of the water cut backs there were. I talked about all of the signs that I saw throughout our county talking about conserving water and also how I remember everyone at the time having brown lawns in their front yard, and if you ever saw somebody with a green lawn, you know they were breaking the law about specific watering days. These questions took us to more worldwide issues and I connected things I have learned in my ATM S 111 class, such as the El Nino and PDO and how specific places experience drought and monsoons, etc."
11/26/2017 11:42:01,"Our conversation was kind of everything. We were serious at points but also were humorous about other things. It was just my family and I playing the game at breakfast one morning. But for example, one of the questions talked about sea level rise, and my family is very foreign as in we are all from Europe and they grew up in Europe but we live in Seattle today. Anyways, we were talking about places such as Holland and how many people live in Amsterdam where most of the land is less than a meter above sea level. I know we talked in class about many places effected by sea level such as the islands and Bangladesh and what not, but I forgot about pretty developed places with lots of people such as Amsterdam. We also joked about how we have to hurry up and get to the Maldives before they go missing. My mom also had many stories about climate change when she was growing up in England and how North England had so many coal mines and stuff. It was pretty interesting hearing the more European side of things as compared to US side of things which is what I hear and learn about more today.","Well first off, I don't know how much of it in its current state you would consider it to be a 'game.' It's more of a tool that fuels conversation on climate change, which is great. But like my dad was saying, the whole inclusion of when so and so turned 24, blah blah blah isn't super necessary for the path the app is seeming to take. It would be easier to just say the year in context. But then again, maybe this is becoming more of a 'game-game' behind the scenes and if so, then also great, keep the ages in the final product. Also, the questions in general didn't really present any dividing questions from what I saw. Everyone basically agreed with each other every time, and that's rare in my family I can promise you that. But maybe with other people there would've been more conflicts, I'm not sure. That being said, I believe having differing opinions can lead to a lot more constructive discussions so maybe more questions that could do so might elevate the game rather than the same idea being agreed upon by others. But again, maybe my family and I just share the same beliefs in general with climate.",,"Yes, but not major ones. First off, I don't know if I would call this an app but more so just a website, because that's how it panned how to me. It wasn't like infrared escape or the other games we've played form the App store. Once I figured out where to click though to advance to the next screen where you enter player information, clicking submit would often yield an ""Internal Server Error"" and would crash it. I tried doing 5 players with my family and that never worked, but 4 players worked about 70% of the time. I also realized that if you have too many players in the same age range it would sometimes crash as well, which makes sense giving what the questions are like.  Other than that, we still had conversations and still saw the questions. Room for improvement and optimization, but has a solid foundation that works pretty well when it doesn't crash. ",,1630249,"Basically every question sparked some sort of long discussion as we kept going on tangent after tangent and going around the table. We has a question about hydropower and that led to other energy sources and that led to solar power which then led to us watching a video on a sunflower solar panel which follows the sun and yields 200% more power than a typical solar panel. It was pretty intriguing things. It was also interesting when we talked about who should pay for the carbon pollution because my dad talked about how in Denmark (where my sister and I were born (we both go to UW)) there are carbon taxes on everything you buy basically. Denmark is very different from the US I know already in terms of many things, especially taxes. But it's nice knowing that my hometown is doing something in relation to global awareness. "
11/26/2017 15:05:50,Most of our conversation was lighthearted because all participants were my family members who all believe in climate change and that actions must be taken to counteract its negative effects. Our conversation did become more serious when we discussed the irreversible damage that may have already been caused by climate change.,I would have the user answer a few simple yes or no answers regarding beliefs on climate change so the discussion questions could be more tailored to them personally.,,"No, it worked well.",,1677318,"The event which most sparked our conversation was the recent drought in California because this was an event so obviously caused by climate change yet some people, most notably our president, deny the existence of climate change. This sparked our conversation because my family all agreed that current policy is not doing enough so we talked a lot about what could be done to change that. This ended up leading to a conversation about being politically active in order to make positive changes in the government. "
11/26/2017 15:46:16,"I thought that my conversation with my family members went a lot better than expected. I came into it thinking that it would be sort of awkward since everyone has different views on climate change but after we had the discussion I can definitely say it was worthwhile.  All of the members of the conversation were family members. It was my mom, uncle, and cousin. Surprisingly, all of them knew information about the current global warming events that are occurring right now. The conversation was in the middle of light-hearted and serious. Because it was Thanksgiving, everyone was in a joyful mood but in reality, when it comes down to talking about climate change, you cannot take the conversation light-hearted one bit.  
We spent well over an hour discussing the impacts not only on our personal lives but people that live in other countries as well. I was able to talk about how I have learned so much in the ATM S 111 course about the impacts of global warming and how Dargan plays his songs after every class period. He truly has made the class an interesting one and a fun environment to be and I was able to relay that to my family members. They all seemed interested and wished they would’ve taken a class similar when they were in college. I think we all realized it’s important to understand the circumstances and current events that surround the topic of global warming and we had productive conversations emphasizing key factors that influence climate change.
","I thought the app was really innovative and fun to use. It created great topics of conversation about global warming that are important to have. One thing that could be possible to change in the app is it could designate turns for each person playing. I found that right when the question was asked, nobody really wanted to take it on so I would get it started every time and talk about the issues and used what have learned in class. If there were designated turns in the game, peoples real feelings might come out about the topic and could lead to more active conversations between everyone in the group. 
One kind of crazy idea that I thought of could be to put a timer on the question. We could split the time evenly so everyone would get their say on the issue so we could hear and respect everyone’s opinion. This could spark more conversation as well because everyone has different thoughts and ideas and I think giving them the time to share is an important aspect of having a great conversation. Overall though, I do think this app is a great way to start talking about climate change with family and friends and gave great questions for conversation. 
",,"There were no glitches that I experienced with the app while having our conversation. I decided to use a computer instead of a phone and the computer worked out great. I did not try the phone version, I would assume it’s the same, but was well generated and the app performed perfectly fine. ",,1732958,"There were definitely some questions that the app presented that sparked great conversation. The first one was the thought of how humans are directly impacting the climate right now. My mom and uncle both knew that it was a problem but did not think it was as big as it really is. I was able to explain to them that ever since the industrial revolution, CO2 levels have been rising at a rate that we have never seen before. Anthropogenic climate change has really amplified the warming to another level where it is been dramatically affecting ecosystems and populations of animals. My cousin who was also in the conversation didn’t really believe that human-caused global warming was a thing. He thought it was a hoax made up by scientists and the media. I respected his opinion because I didn’t want to get into a huge argument at Thanksgiving, but I did recommend him to watch Al Gore’s Inconvenient Truth, which has some great facts about human-caused global warming. This question sparked conversation because there was a difference in opinions between people.  
The second question that sparked conversation was about how solar and wind power are beginning to replace coal in many parts of the world. This was a topic that we all agreed was a good thing. We looked at the pros and cons when analyzing the situation. The pros that we came up with include: solar and wind are green and renewable energy sources and have way less of an impact (if at all) on global warming compared to coal. Coal has a terrible effect on surrounding ecosystems as well as releasing particles into the atmosphere which have a negative effect on the climate. Coal is also nonrenewable energy source and the ash that is produced is a hazardous product for workers. Cons that we came up with include: the price of inputting these solar and wind energy systems can be expensive. But, if you truly want to improve the global warming problem, it’s a price you have to pay. Secondly, it would put a lot of coal miners out of work which could have a devastating effect on the economy. Overall, we thought that the pros outweighed the cons in this situation.
"
11/26/2017 16:20:11,"I enjoyed the experience that this app created. Climate change is a topic that is now gaining momentum, but not often talked about with your family. As for our conservation, it certainly had moments of gravity and seriousness, but usually it had more of a lighthearted feeling. Some of the questions, such as the ones regarding strong winters and summers of the past, sparked memories of what we did during those time periods. These moments gave the conversations a cheerful and happy feelings. 

Overall, our conservation was a fun, but mainly informative.It was certainly interesting to see many different points of view, especially considering the age difference of myself and my parents. They were able to present new information and experiences from a few decades ago that I am unaware of. They certainly have seen more attention surrounding the topic of climate change, but haven't really noticed it in real life yet. For example, the change in temperature or sea level rise hasn't affected their lifestyle. ","I think that is important to remember what has happened in the past and present that information with certain facts. As for sparking more serious conversations, I think that questions regarding future adaptations are more helpful. The questions that raised areas of problems for the future allowed for a debate. Therefore, I would include more questions surrounding what can be done in the future to adapt to or mitigate climate change. 

I actually enjoyed the style of the app, where it presented questions. However, some of the questions were quite simple and one-dimensional. These questions lead to quick answers and quickly moving along though the application, therefore less of a conservation. Additionally, to help make the more application more interesting, including important climate change models, graphs, and tables may help analyze and interpret what has and will happen surrounding the topic of climate change.  ",,I did not have any problems with glitches with the app. ,,1630311,"First, the questions regarding specific summers or winters in the past sparked the most fun and lighthearted conversations. Those winters or summers were often filled with fun events and activities, and therefore leading our conversations to cheerful family memories. Since we live in the Pacific Northwest we tend to have a milder winters and summers than elsewhere in the United States. Therefore, the severity of our seasons are not as damaging as many other places, such as the drought in California. 

Secondly, the questions regarding future adaptions towards climate change caused the most serious conversations. These questions took our conversations towards a more of a debate and back and forth type feeling. Climate change is expected to more serious in the future which also led to more a more serious conservation. Climate change can have a large impact on future decisions, such as where to settle and begin a family. However, I believe that the Seattle is in a decent position regarding temperatures swings in the future. It is important to be aware of possible flooding with sea level rise though.   "
11/26/2017 20:31:29,Discussed with my parents and husband. The discussion was a mixture of serious and fun. My parents learned a lot they didn't know regarding climate change.,"The app was very basic, and honestly was pretty confusing as far as who was being presented with the question. Personally I would like to see the app to be more like a game, and more entertaining. The app wasn't very helpful during the conversation, really the only thing it did was provide the beginning question.",,"The app is very simple, but very confusing. I'm not sure.",,1774002,"Questions about ozone created a lot of questions. My parents were under the impression that ozone hole was created because of global warming. This took the conversation do what are green house gasses, and what do they actually do. This raised a lot more questions, especially from my mom, about how much temperature is changing and ocean levels rising. This new information was very alarming to my parents and family members because they live in Japan directly on the coast in a fishing centered village. Ocean acidification is a big problem for that industry."
11/26/2017 22:24:19,"It was serious, but lighthearted because it was with good friends. It was like talking about stories that are part of life that never really gets talked about in relations to global warming. ","The app started the conversations by asking a question, but I wished there were some sort of interact ways that continued to make the group get deeper into issues. Maybe have the audience type some key words or phases to each question, so that the app can generate some sort of feedback. ",,"Yes. I tried to open the link on my phone and there was an error message, however it worked on a computer. Even on a computer, it would restart the whole process in the middle of displaying questions.",,1725061,"The questions about the drought in California sparked the most conversation because we have all visited the state and noticed different things. In which, it all somehow connected to global warming, like how they had interesting plants but we never thought about it in correlation to global warming. We put things in perspective about how it's an serious issue, but it can also affect things in the smallest way."
11/27/2017 3:10:32,"The conversation started out fairly lighthearted, but as the conversation got more data heavy and more political, the mood seemed to quickly turn serious. However, because the group of people who were having the conversation were all family, the conversation stayed relatively respectful and open to other peoples opinions. 
The four people who were in the conversation were my mother, my father, my sister, and I. Me and my sister vary greatly compared to that of my parents on the topic of climate change and global warming, so it was very interesting to hear the difference in opinion and the difference in facts that were brought up by both sides. There was a point in the conversation where the topic moved more towards politics and less toward climate change, but eventually it returned towards its intended topic.","There are two main ways I would change the app in order to create more of the conversation I would like to have. Firstly, I think that it would benefit the app if some of the conversation could be game based so that people could have 1 on 1  conversations between themselves and the app. For example, you could create a true or false game on the app in which the participant has to identify whether the fact presented is true or false. This way, people would be more engaged because the app would be more fun, and people could learn more about climate change in a fun way, even if they are not with other people to talk about it. 
      Secondly, I would try to bring more areas of argument into the conversation. Although the basis of climate change and global warming are purely scientific, they impact other areas of society, including domestic politics, international politics, and every day ecological habits of people including recycling and hybrid cars. It would be cool if the app could somehow include an option to differentiate the type of conversation you could have (scientific, political, etc.) and also include a flow chart that could help people with their arguments in case they are confused about something or want to learn about the other argument to increase their open-mindedness.  ",,Nope. The app ran fine and it is a great app to start conversation about climate change and global warming. ,,1629193,"The question that seemed to spark the most conversation was the question that asked about the drought that happened in California and also asked about Folsom Lake. The reason that the question brought about much conversation was because every person in the conversation had a different opinion and different reasons as to why they felt they were right. When the question talked about which would be harder, a drought or a flood, the people in the conversation cited the fact that a drought would be easier because you could transport water in from other areas. But then the question was postulated about what if the water could not be transported because those areas were also in a drought, and that in turn brought about more conversation. 
      This question eventually led the conversation to a more political discussion. It shifted from droughts and floods to the preparedness level that the government has for it citizens in case of either of these and also how why the current presidential regime is pulling out of all the climate change agreements, especially the Paris Climate Agreement? The answers that were said in response to this was that the current Presidential is not focused on climate change or global warming, and instead is more interested in rebuilding the economic structure of the country, no matter what we have to do to the environment. Furthermore, it was cited that the government should run more emergency preparedness drills and create more plans for citizens in case one of these things does happen.  "
11/27/2017 10:13:55,"My group consisted of close friends and my sister. Overall, it was more informative and light hearted than a serious discussion. ",I would put in a scale from 1-10 to determine which climate problem each individual participating would feel like is a bigger problem than it should be. It would take into consideration of how each individual playing feels is a bigger issue than normal. Then we can discuss each score and explain why we put in this score. ,,No,,1134803,"The question that we all contributed most discussion was when we were asked if people should be charged for pollution emission. Half the group was for this idea because big businesses who contribute more pollution should definitely pay the bigger price. However, the other half of the group argued that while everyone probably emits pollution numerous times in their lifetime, there would be no way to measure the amount of pollution emitted and no way to make a fair amount to charge an individual. "
11/27/2017 11:23:45,"It was a mix of both - I think everyone around the table was already pretty clued up on climate change and its impacts and hence our conversations spiralled out into other issues which were related. Family and close friends - all highly educated. Being post-thanksgiving we were all pretty relaxed (full and merry!!) so the conversation wasn't necessarily hugely serious.
We definitely enjoyed the game at first, but 2 people tapped out of the game after 2 rounds because it was a bit tedious and its hard to get everyone sat down in one place doing the game. Its obviously educational which is a turnoff for people who are at a dinner party to be social. 
I would also say we were preaching to the choir, as such, because we are all very in tune with current issues and hence 'sparking conversations' which were already happening. ","I think it would be fun to maybe have a few fill in the blanks in the app to force the conversation without being too specific. Like ""how much of the world's energy comes from coal now"" after the question about what it was in 1930s. Maybe also some pictures etc to make it more visual. Maybe even a way to use the game on more than one person's phone so its not like one person dictating the conversation (can be hard to keep everyone around the table focussed).
Also I think some of the fact paragraphs (e.g. the one about the Great Flood of the 90s) were interesting but very long and full of numbers. Its hard to quantify how much that is when you're just sat at a dinner table. Perhaps shortening them and putting the other information into a more interactive fill in the blank or similar.",,Nope!,,1773199,"It was interesting to know that when my mom was young (13) the national renewable energy thing was started - we didn't realise that people were concerned with renewables that long ago. I think we assumed that it was more of a recent thing. We ended up googling when renewables really took off and when people realised that climate change could be attributed to anthropogenic causes. 
These conversations were interesting because we did new things about the issues, but again we were preaching to the choir. Conversations died after a few minutes in each round and then we moved on. 
Conversations other than this one felt forced because I was leading the group into thinking a certain way and it wasn't hugely interactive other than a question every couple of minutes. "
11/27/2017 11:34:47,"	My conversation was with family: two of my sisters, one of which is also in ATM S 111, and my brother eventually joined later on. All topics that we discussed were rather short and to the point, as we found that not many questions were very thought-provoking, and we almost always agreed with each other on what the ‘correct’ answer was, requiring no additional discussion.
	The talks were generally lighthearted, though not in a fun sort of way. There was no joking around, but it wasn’t as serious as one may expect when talking about the tragedies of hurricanes/extended droughts/etc. Our conversations were very detached from thoughts of humanity and pathos; everything was approached from a logical/statistical point of view.","	I think the most this game could benefit from is putting more time into thoughtful questions. Some questions that we got, such as “How do you feel about the fact that solar and wind power are growing and replacing coal in many parts of the world?”, were answered simply with a “good.” We found no further elaboration useful. And others, such as “What do you think it would be like to work in a coal mine?”, seemed too foreign compared to everyday life, that with little emotional connection or insight of how coal mining really works, all we could really say was “It would probably suck.” Some questions were really good, such as “Do you expect that the growth in human population will have an impact on you, personally?” From what I can tell, the more open-ended questions require more thinking to evaluate, and, like mentioned in the previous prompt, the contrasting two scenarios was interesting because it forces us to put ourselves in that scenario.
	Although I can see that the factoids given before the question are a way to give emphasis of the reality of these questions and in some ways put us in that scenario, I found that it wasn’t a very effective method in doing that. I would recommend implementing a short clip of a video in addition. For example, a video about the poor health of coal miners paired with the coal mining question. Not only give something to comment on and implement into our arguments, but also puts the humanity back into the mix, adding emphasis to the fact that this is a real problem affecting real people.",,"After getting through about 10ish questions, the next arrow would take me back to the setup page with the message: “There was a problem loading your game state: No game in progress found.” And, though not technically a glitch, when starting a new game, it seems like the questions aren’t random, but instead on a loop, meaning that we had to skip through them all until we got to just after where it crashed. Also, again not technically a glitch, but I found no use of the “How many topics per person?” prompt.",,1760717,"	The most we talked for one particular question was for “What do you think would be harder to handle -- major flooding or a long drought?” This one was interesting because it forced us to put ourselves in that situation and consider and weigh all possible cons of living in that environment, and like mentioned in the previous question, this added the humanity aspect of thinking, which is much more subjective than logical reasoning. In the end, we didn’t ever come to an agreement, which, also like mentioned before, made us discuss out reasoning further.
	My brother and one sister argued that a drought would be worse. In addition to the obvious hinderances of a drought, the knowledge that there is no foreseeable end (could potentially last years), that would create serious stress and mental problems. For example, not knowing if washing your hands now would result in you going thirsty for a day down the line. They further drove home the point by bringing up how difficult it is to cook food without running water.
	My other sister and I, conversely, argued that flooding would be worse. Although it is a relatively short-term problem compared to droughts, the effects are much more severe. Not showering for a month can be easily fixed, but putting half of your house underwater isn’t. With floods, you are likely stranded where you are, with no means of leaving. Depending on where, this could potentially lead to starvation/dehydration. And if you were to outlast the flood, you will likely face major property damage, such as water damages to homes (especially there is a basement below the storm drain system), dead cars/pets, spoiled food, etc."
11/27/2017 12:42:47,"For this conversation I talked with my mom, brother, and sister. So I was only talking with family. The conversation was serious in that we were all concerned about the future of global warming and how it is going to impact all of us and our future children. It was not serious though in that we did not have many differing opinions. I feel like we all talked and were able to come to conclusions for each question. This may be just because we are family and get along well and all have similar viewpoints. 

The conversation overall was pretty fun and educational. I was able to share with my family some of the things I have been learning in Global Warming and educate them on things happening around us everyday that they may have never even known about. My younger brother who is 14 definitely learned the most I think, and it was interesting to hear his take on everything. My mom had a lot of interesting points as well because she is older and has witnessed a lot more with climate change than me and my siblings have. ","The one thing I would change is to give more background information on events. For example, when it asked about carbon pollution I wish it gave more information on how carbon pollution negatively affects our environment and things we could do to try and fix it. Since I had prior knowledge from the class on a lot of the topics it was easier for the conversations to flow but I feel that if I hadn't had any knowledge some things would be harder to talk about or we would have to google it to find out more information.

Another thing I would like is to be able to take notes on the app about the conversations we were having. Sometimes we would have really good points and then the conversation kept flowing and we lost those points. I think being able to write down things as we go would help aid our conversation and make it more meaningful and impactful in the end. Also, I feel that writing stuff down makes you remember it better so maybe it would stick with us a bit more after the conversation ended. ",,"Yes, at first when I tried to do three topics per person it kept saying internal error. But it did eventually end up working. ",,1729754,"One of the questions that sparked the most conversation had to do with the drought in California. The question stated that large cities, agricultural industries, and dams all require lots of water, and asked how we would determine who gets how much water during a drought. I think this question sparked so much conversation because we honestly did not know the fairest way in which to divide the water amongst all of the industries. We talked about how the agriculture industry is very important to food production so we believed that held the highest priority. But, after that point we did not really know how to keep dividing the water in a fair manner. 

Another question that got our attention was ""Do winters feel different than they used to?"" We had to think about this a lot. We went through this past few winters and tried to remember if there was snow or not, how rainy it was and if we remember any power outages. We concluded that to our memory the past few winters have had a lot less snow than in previous years. We remembered a couple years back when school was cancelled for about 4-5 days. In recent years we haven't experienced much snow at all and haven't had school cancelled besides a few days. So we definitely agreed that winters have felt different now than in the past. 
"
11/27/2017 12:56:48,"I was talking with friends and family members of different ages and who lived in many different places around the world. Some of the questions were interesting which led to an interesting and though-provoking conversation. Slowly, throughout the conversation as we shared stories with one another, we realized that natural disasters really ground us and make us realize how small we are in an enormous world. The conversation made me realize that despite incidences that are not near us, they affect many people. For example, Hurricane Katrina did not directly affect me, but it did displace many families and we should keep that in mind. Natural Disasters can happen to anyone at anytime. ","I would add a notes section where we could write down the highlights of our conversation and then email it to ourselves so that we can look back on it and remind ourselves of the conversation we had and then how we can take steps to reduce the impact and harm that we emit on the earth. My group thought it was very interesting that the app brought insights from around the world that we were alive for but that we forgot because it sparked the notion that many people across the world face natural disasters and even if it does not affect us directly, we need to keep those areas in mind. ",,No,,1733363,"The questions that asked us to think of ourselves in someone else's perspectives or in our past, what was the longest journey we took, made us realize the privilege we have of cars and planes that we have to go such far distances, but that we have a large carbon footprint. We often do not think about our carbon footprint because it does not affect us regularly or in a dramatic way. But our transportation footprint is quite large and extraordinary, especially for a family of 4, we have a large carbon footprint and we need to realize and acknowledge that. Our conversation highlighted on this topic and then we strived to find ways that we could reduce our carbon footprint. We realized that since we live in the suburbs and our work or school is in the urban area, we have a large car carbon footprint. "
11/27/2017 13:20:18,"The conversation turned out to be humorous and fun but it left us thinking. Before we started the app, we didn’t this would be very serious. There were me, my girlfriend, my little sister and my dad.

As long as the questions went, we found that they’re very similar events that either happened or are happening right now and we started to take the conversation more serious. Like we all can tell if we experience the same events, but each have the different perspective on how and why these events ever happened. 
","For me personally, I would like it to have more of the scientific facts that have been confirmed so we can understand either what we’re saying is right or not. I think the app has done a good job of giving the problems and questions related the very specific events in each person’s timeline. The questions are provoking and helped take a lead for the conversation. 

I would think that adding some of the fun facts about climate change in any of these topics would make the conversation be more humorous. I have to give credits to the easy-to-follow questions; because friends and family don’t usually sit around and talk about climate change. 
",,"When I entered the players and proceeded to the next page, it showed up some kinds of error. I don’t remember exactly what I did but I did a couple clicks and it showed up the question.",,1772725,"The events and questions that made us talk about the most during conversation were about experiencing cold/ hot through different years. As mentioned, we all can tell if this summer was hotter than last year or not, and we all can observe the early snow this year in Seattle when it was just October, which was very unusual. The reason for us to discuss the most out of this because we all have different reason/ explanation for why it’s hotter/ colder. My dad said that the climate on average would very much to be the same; still the weather is very unpredictable, we and the environment always learn to be adapted. I remember that when I told them the early snow was due to global warming; they stopped me and went on arguing with me for a while. 

Also, we also talked much about how the “Global warming” or “climate change” has become a very conservative topic worldwide. It took us to discuss that it seems like only people with educational background will know about these topics. And with those who knows, we assumed that only the minimum of them will care about the topics or take actions to help prevent it. 

Overall, during each scenarios, we were likely to mention to role of government response to the impacts of weather. We came to discuss that either these events are good or bad, it’s the government to have best solution for people; and because the people won’t have enough power to change anything.  
"
11/27/2017 14:32:35,"The conversation was mostly lighthearted and fun. We all have the same ideas about climate change for the most part so there was a lot more agreement than disagreement. I had the conversation with my parents and a very good friend. We were all already in a good mood from the Thanksgiving break, so we mostly had positive things to say.
My parents generally had more to say about questions that asked about a change over time, since they've obviously been alive longer than us. However, there were a few questions none of us knew much about. Also, a few warranted just one word answers that didn't really spark a conversation. Other than that we had a good time discussing the topics that we had a knowledge of.","I would make it so that it is also available as an actual app instead of a website. On my phone, I was unable to go back to a previous question. I accidentally skipped a part of a question because it took too long for the screen to change.
I also think it would be interesting if there was more information available about the app, or if you could browse the topics that it gave you after you have finished. This way if there is a certain thing that we want to go over again, we would be able to find it on the app itself. It was also confusing when it was over because we had lost track of how many rounds we had done, and I thought there were technical difficulties because it said my game progress wasn't found, but we had in fact just finished the game. ",,,,1729404,"The topics that sparked the most conversation included droughts. We're all from Texas, so we recently experienced a pretty bad drought. We've all had to stop sprinkler usage at various points and have considered changing our grass to succulents.
Those questions took our conversation in a funny direction where my mother went on a tangent about how she had told my dad that we should dig up our yard and put cacti and gravel instead. Me and my friend found their little mini argument quite hilarious. I agreed with my mom's request because it gets so hot during the year that all the plants that are supposed to bloom or be green and pretty die anyways, and if the heat doesn't get them, the deer do.
We also had a good conversation about renewable energy. I am interested in going into the field and my parents have been considering getting solar panels on the roof of the house, so we are all big fans of it. Our next door neighbors have had solar panels for around ten years, and we discussed how envious we are of them."
11/27/2017 15:02:37,"I thought that the conversations that my friends and family had very very interesting because the questions sparked interesting conversations regarding our past, present and future. At first the conversations were lighthearted but with the questions that asked us to think about what would happen if we were put in a certain situation made us think about how fortunate we are to be where we are. The questions helped us realize that natural disasters really ground us and that natural disasters can happen to anyone at anytime. It reminded us that where we are at a certain moment is based on something greater. For example in the Pacific Northwest, we are due for an earthquake, but we continue with our lives, not worrying about it until it does directly affect us. 
The themes that recall moments from our lifetime such as Hurricane Katrina or when certain legislative laws were passed make us realize that climate change has been a concurrent issue and that the steps we take now affect how we, as in the global population will live in the future. The members in my conversation were from many different ages and we were all born and brought up in different areas but not we all live in the Pacific Northwest, but certain global natural disasters were on worldwide news which sparked interesting conversation about how our emissions and actions affect the global population. ","I would add a notes section to the app conversation so that people can write down points that they thought was interesting and then the notes can be email to each individual participating so that later on, after the conversation is over, people can look at the notes and identify important points from the discussion and then talk about what we ourselves can change within our lifestyle so that we can aid in decreasing our carbon footprint. The email serves as a reminder when we complete the conversation and continue with our busy lives that we need to change our ways regarding climate change and notice the effects that our emissions cause on the greater population. 
I would also add a back button to the app. With my family and friends, I opened the link on a computer and I was only able to move forward. However, a few times, my friend asked about what a previous question was because we often referred back to something. I think this would be helpful so that we can go back to certain questions and continue with our conversations. 
I like how the app was simple to navigate so that we could understand and begin the conversation with our friends and family. This helped so that when I talked about the app with my friends and family they could understand it, even if they were not that familiar with technology. After I would explain the app to them, they could get the link as well and have their own conversations with their family and friends. ",,No ,,1733363,"The questions that called us to think about a situation that we were not directly facing, to put ourselves in that perspective, or a situation where we needed to think about how climate change is a slow process and is often not talked about in the news were the most interesting in my conversations over the week. 
For example one of the questions that I had to discuss was about Hurricane Katrina and how that directly affected a girl from the Boy and Girls Club. She talked about how her house was destroyed and that she had to live in a trailer. She was thankful that she did not have to live in a tent. I was seven when Hurricane Katrina hit, and I was in the Pacific Northwest, although I was not directly affected by the hurricane, I had to think about what I would do in that situation. The natural disaster really reminded me that I am a small aspect of greater world. 
Another interesting situation was when my brother had to account the Californian drought and the effect that the intense rain had the following winter and how that affected the farmers following summer. My brother said that he remembered the Californian drought because our cousins who lived in California could not water their lawn, but he did not know that it affected farmers. I think that this also highlights that if the impact does not directly occur to us, we often do know know about and hence we are oblivious to it. I had to explain to him the impacts of the drought on farmers which I learned from my global warming class. But then our conversation turned to how the news should talk about these important issues more regularly so that we can truly understand what is happening around us. It is important to understand and stay on top of the issues in our world and then have the right information so that we can have informed view points before we begin advocating for a certain aspect. "
11/27/2017 18:26:06,"The conversation overall was pretty good. I don't think that there was an overall tone that I could qualify the conversation to be, as it was pretty much a mix of everything. There were jokes here and there, but also occasions where there was still some serious discussion around what was going on in the real world and how things are changing and how that will impact not only our lives but the lives of other people around the world. I did this with friends, so in other words people with the same sorts of interests as me and around the same age, so my sample is probably not the most representative.

I think also it's good to have a more lighthearted approach in certain times, as this is meant to be a game, after all. Of course I don't think that everything should be lighthearted as there are drastic consequences to events that are going on currently, but I also find value in just having a good time with people and talking about interesting issues is pretty neat.","While I certainly think that all of these issues are important and are something that people need to be talking about more in their daily lives, some of them were just not relatable at all and often times we didn't have much to go off of. For example, a question like ""Have you known someone who has gone through a devastating storm"" (I don't remember the question exactly but it was something like that) are hard to generate discussion around because neither myself nor none of the other people I was discussing this with knew anyone of the sort. 

I'm not really sure what to do to fix this, because there are going to be people who HAVE experienced or knew someone who has, and this would generate a lot of discussion, but just not for me. Maybe have more questions that are relatable to people living in Seattle? Or have a certain bank of questions based on the geography of where ever the game is being played so that questions are more relatable. Or, even better, let people take a quick survey that asks them about their general experiences and knowledge (multiple choice) and design an algorithm to narrow down the bank of questions to whichever is most relevant to the person's experiences.",,Not really.,,1372613,"There were a lot of questions that provide us with a lot of discussion, but one question in particular was the one that asked us about the kinds of challenges we faced whenever we were a part of a team. I just think that this is something that a lot of people can relate to, whether it be work or school projects where collaboration is heavily emphasized throughout our lives. So we spent a while discussing things that varied from frustrating group members who didn't do any work to how we resolve conflicts on a team. There were a lot of interesting dynamics that went on, and people had very different experiences and philosophies about what they thought was the most challenging for them on a team project or something of that sort. 

A particularly interesting question was the one about giving a river the same rights that a person has. This sort of delved into a tangent about philosophy and identity that like two people kept going on about but it was a super interesting question and I think that it's something that people have a lot of different opinions on and is just a quirky little thing to ask. I thought that question was probably the most interesting, even if it didn't bring the most relevant discussion to the table (we liked to go on tangents a lot)."
11/27/2017 19:40:51,"I talked to my Mom, Dad, and younger sister using the climate conversations app. Everyone put a lot of thought into their answers so the conversation was serious in the aspect of putting effort into their thoughts. However, in some of the hypothetical situations, some of their responses were a bit humorous due to their lack of knowledge on some of the topics, for example, storing carbon pollution in the ground.

 I feel like each member of my family found the questions and conversations that came out of them to be really interesting. Some of the questions were things that my family members hadn't thought of before, and to hear about their thought process was a cool experience.  Overall, I considered it to be a quality conversation, and it was awesome for me to be able to explain some concepts to them. ","I think another great way to improve this app would be to include some graphs or visuals with questions so that people playing the game can also see some of the implications about climate change along with the questions. I feel like sometimes when people can see as well as hear about information, they can understand it better and possibly formulate better questions or conversations. I liked that you can choose the number of topics that you discuss in a round, and that the questions are personal to a certain time period in your life. It was interesting to see what my family members could recall about climate change in the past and what they had no knowledge of. Overall, I think this game was really successful in sparking good conversations between people about climate change and global warming, and would encourage this activity to be used in the future. ",,"The first time I tried to ask questions it said ""Internal Server Error,"" but once I refreshed it the questions came up. ",,1731759,"Natural disasters definitely sparked the greatest conversation during our discussion. Specifically the topic of storms and hurricanes. After the hurricane Katrina question came up, we started talking about the unusual amount of hurricanes earlier this year. Soon into the conversation, the general consensus among my family members was that they thought the rise in number of hurricanes was because of global warming. I got to clear this misunderstanding up for them, explaining how we can't blame a specific event on global warming. Especially because hurricanes are rare events and the time we've been recording them is brief. I also explained that we do expect the intensity of hurricanes to increase due to global warming, but if anything, a decrease in their frequency. 

Another topic that led into the conversation was human's impact on global warming. They all believed that global warming has been increasing due to humans, but weren't sure how to answer the question of how society should tackle this problem. This question led into a conversation about human's CO2 emissions and possibilities of how to reduce them, for example the amount of fossil fuels being produced as well as deforestation/greenhouse gases in agriculture. 

The agriculture conversation was one that I brought up on my own after discussing CO2, mostly because the statistics we discussed in class completely surprised me and I wanted to see if they would have the same reaction. I told them about how much greater the energy and water demand is to produce meat, and how the food production is to be doubled in 100 years by the increased demand of meat alone. They were as shocked as I was, and we talked about how now we all understood more about the environmental reasoning behind being a vegetarian. 

These were the three topics that my family and I had the longest conversations about."
11/27/2017 20:07:26,"Over thanksgiving dinner, I talked with my family members about the topics presented to us through the game. My conversation was lighthearted with my mom and my brother but strained with my father. The conversation went very quickly as my family was rushing me through the assignment and trying to keep my dad from flaring up. I found the whole thing quite funny because I expected my dad to react the way that he did.

I noticed my family was lacking contextual knowledge for some of the questions. My mom seemed very disinterested in some of the questions where you had to narrate the situation with a longish introduction, and my dad, who I most wanted to show the climate conversations game too, was very barely listening, and was busy interjecting my readings with snide remarks about liberal brainwashing. He is a full on Trump supporting Fox news exclusive watching believer that climate change is a big hoax, perhaps devised by the Chinese. 
","I think this app is fine. In my opinion, I feel like the games are more appealing to people. Because in my experience my interviewees lost interest quickly. Maybe you could add some graphics to make the slides more intriguing to people while we are reading the slides. But I think what the app really doesn’t do is change peoples mind’s about climate change. And that’s okay because I really think people think of climate change as a personal political preference. People’s predispositions on the topic seem to determine their opinions. And just like a lot of anti-climate change figures in congress and the like, some people will just refuse to listen, no matter how much data there is to support the argument. ",,"Nope, no glitches to report ! Except an error message that comes up at the end saying ""progress not saved""",,1433175,"The question about Germany storing carbon pollution in the ground sparked particular criticism from my dad. He also thought the ozone hole was bunk. My mom barely remembers the ozone hole scenario, she just remembered that everyone said it was dangerous to use a lot of hairspray. My mom did not appear to have paid much attention to the news when she was younger. She was shocked to find it was such a big issues but again my dad tried to dissuade her.

My parents really thought the questions that involved the Maori tribe were really frivolous questions. As devout Christian Presbyterians they reject all notion of tribal ritual and sacred lands. My dad just laughed at the notion of the river being granted the same rights as a person and blamed Indians for wanting to keep fishing for themselves. A lot of the questions my dad tried to twist to bolster his argument that he was right and science was wrong. He said it is easy for people to make up statistics and graphs. They can report whatever they want they said. My brother did not have a lot to say but he did say he at least learned a lot from the experience.
"
11/27/2017 20:23:24,"In general, my conversation went well. I called up a couple of my friends who were back for thanksgiving break to meet up. I told them about this extra credit assignment and they were all willing to give the app a try. One of my friend already reads a lot about climate change so having him be part of the conversation made it more interesting.  

It took us awhile until things started to get serious. The conversation was pretty lighthearted at first and we often got off topic as well. However, things started to pick up fifth-teen minutes later. Basically, things got more serious when questions that actually appealed to us came up. My friend Ryan (the person who’s really interested in this topic) surprisingly kept us on topic. He would always add on to the questions or just bring up other related ideas. 
","Some of the questions were very specific, which made it kind of hard to produce a long on-going conversation. Like the example I gave above, “what would it be like to work at a coal mine/ live near one”. While those questions do educate people, there’s only so much to talk about it. They’re good topics to learn in classes but not the best for conversations. For the most part though, the app has some interesting/ broad questions that I enjoyed talking about. 

I personally enjoy talking about broad future like topics, such as “what could happen if we continue to live the way we do?”. Topics like that I believe spark a realization in person’s mind that things could go terribly wrong if there’s no change.  
",,I did not experience any glitches with the app. Every thing went very smoothly and it was easy to use.,,1631096,"It took a while until we found an appealing question. To be honest the first couple of questions were kind of boring. I remember one them asked something on the lines of, “What do you think it would be like to work in a coal mine?”. My group struggled to get something going, however once the app started to ask about renewable energy that’s when things started to get interesting. This topic definitely sparked the most conversation out of us. 

We started talking about projects that companies have been doing. Through out the conversation, we started to realize that even though the idea about renewable energy is good, we’re not sure if the transition will be fast enough to help aid the current climate problems that are being caused by our current source of energy. One renewable energy is way to expensive and two there hasn’t been an efficient way to produce products that cycle renewable energy.

Later we eventually started to talk about our own topics, without using the app’s questions. At first, we built off the renewable energy topic, we started talking about what would be the most efficient way to produce energy now rather than in the long run. Our conversation then slowly started to transition to the education system and how some schools don’t educate their students enough about climate change. A friend mentioned the best way to get word out about current climate situations is to start by implementing these courses in the grade schools curriculum.     
"
11/27/2017 20:44:03,"I was talking with my friends, and the conversation went lighthearted. I think the reason is mostly because every time when they say something the conversation flowed into wrong direction. They did not stick on the topic.  
During the conversation I really felt that people really do not care about the global warming. I think I should have made some friends from this class and talked with them for more serious conversation. However they made the conversation funnier than it would be.","It could have been more interesting if it was like a jeopardy game, so the questions could be more interesting by playing a game. Obviously the reaction of my friends for this activity must have been different when I say a discussion and a game. Also, I will feel less sorry to ask them to play a game with me rather than asking some help for a discussion homework. 
I think the jeopardy game is a good modification, because we can choose the level of the question. Also I feel like people will also feel more responsibility to answer the question because they picked the questions.
",,"I did not have any, but I heard some people had trouble with having five people in the conversation.",,1663528,"The question at least they stuck on was a question about the carbon disposal from nuclear power. There were two opinions about burying carbon under the ground. The first opinion was it is dangerous because the carbon contains radioactivities and it could ruin the soil. The another one was it is good for healthy soil, because carbon riches the soil. This was really controversial, but no one could conclude it. 
What I think is those carbon could contaminate the soil more than before, because there could be radioactivities mixed in those carbon. Also I thought storing the carbon underground is different from permeating them into the soil for fertility. "
11/27/2017 21:12:43,"I was talking with 2 family  members and a friend. Their ages were 49, 20, and 15. I thought this would be interesting as they are all different ages with different levels of education and knowledge on the topics. 
It was serious on some topics, such as Hurricane Katrina because my mom remembers it very clearly and just how devastating it was. What else resonated with her was how winters have gotten a bit more variable in Washington, especially since she is an avid skier she notices it more. 
With my little sister, it was a bit more light hearted because she doesn't know that much about climate science whatsoever, and she didn't know the answers to quite a few questions. For instance, she doesn't know where we get our energy or water from, but I think she might start now. It was interesting to see how my mom's answers and opinions differed from someone my age, because they grew up in different time periods with differing amounts of attention and public perception on climate change. ","I think it might be nice to have the app be more interactive in some way. I don't know how you would address that... But I think it would make it more interesting and fun. 
One way you might be able to do this is make it a game, and have choices go along with the questions that led people to different questions about the same topic. ",,No,,1735482,"For the 20 year old, who is really passionate about climate scientist, he found he it really interesting to look at how we (in Washington) get most of our energy from hydropower. Also, looking at whether the US should have to pay for their high emissions, and CO2 cap limits was super interesting to talk about. It led us to talk about holding companies responsible and legislation that could be implemented. 
Another interesting topic was where we get our energy from, especially with my sister because I think it was a good way to introduce her to environmental issues and bring it closer to her front door step so she had a more personal connection with it. 
My mom liked to talk about how the attitude towards climate change has moved from something only hippies paid attention to, that is now a global political issue that almost every country takes really seriously. "
11/27/2017 21:32:48,"It was mostly serious, but also a bit humorous. I had the conversation with my family.","Perhaps make the questions start out a bit more general, to apply to more people, then as more questions get asked, have them become more and more specific. ",,"A little, but I think it was just my phone acting up. ",,1730230,Do you think human activity is responsible for global warming?
11/27/2017 21:57:37,"The conversation took place on a car ride home from thanksgiving dinner. It was between me, my sister, my dad, and my mom. It was mostly lighthearted and fun,  but had serious moments. It was mainly lighthearted and fun though since it was a subject that surprisingly my family was well educated on and never really got to talk about, so expressing a lot untapped knowledge of my family was very interesting.","It would be nice to able to record our responses as we go through the questions. It was a little difficult to keep track of exactly what everybody said. If the app encouraged you to keep track of a couple points per question, and compile it all into one form at the end it would turn into a neat list of factoids and opinions. Also I got just a tiny bit confused when looking at the questions, since I wasn't totally sure if I was suppose to be asking one person the question or everybody. I went with everybody, but it was just the slightest bit confusing when I first used it.",,No.,,1735642,"I found that questions that were more serious sparked the most conversation. Questions that were more lighthearted like ""How was your air conditioning growing up"" only sparked conversations lasting about 2-3 minutes. ""Oh it was terrible, yeah it should've been better"" was as far as that question got. Another lighthearted one was ""What was the hottest summer you've ever experienced?"" This also warranted short responses like ""That one summer,"" or ""That time when the air conditioner broke.""
However the more serious questions my family felt more intrigued to talk about more and more. The most serious one that we came across was the topic of skin cancer. I asked if anybody has known anybody that has been affected by skin cancer, and surprisingly everybody said yes. When I asked who, everybody said ""you're grandfather."" This was brand new information to me since my grandfather passed away before I was born. I learned that it runs in our family and it really affected my family more than I thought. We talked on just this one question for nearly 10 minutes. I learned a lot about my family through this experience. I learned that my sister's EMT job has no air conditioning and averages 110 degrees indoors, and also that my dad was in Europe during the Heatwave a couple years. I feel now that I know more about my family than before, and it really didn't feel like I was doing it for a class at all."
11/28/2017 0:08:58,"At times, the conversation was serious. I talked with friends, because my family's first language isn't English, so it would be difficult to translate everything (perhaps language barriers might be a reason that not as many people are concerned about climate change). I was talking with friends who all believe in climate change and its impacts, and have prior knowledge on this subject. This could have led to some bias affecting how seriously we took each question, but I felt that we had meaningful, serious discussion about the topics. We were especially serious when talking about issues that concerned the United States, since this country already has so many problems, even theorizing about different solutions to climate change leads to more problems. However, even serious discussions are fun and interesting, though, especially if you are talking about something that you care about and want to talk to other people about.

Other times, when the discussion questions were more personal, we answered in more lighthearted ways. We joked around about our experiences and told stories that things that happened to us that related to the question. We made small talk and even mentioned things that seemed to have little significance, but it all tied together to the topic. Sometimes, when questions are more personal and relatable, it makes the situation mentioned in the question seem more real. Because of this, there is a greater feeling of urgency to take action with issues regarding climate change.","I would add some kind of user-recognition/account system to this app, so that users can log in, join a group, and have the same questions displayed to them at the same time. This way, it would make it easier for the people in the discussion to read the scenarios and questions, and would just make the whole discussion process progress more efficiently. I would also add some kind of box where users can type in their answer before everyone discusses their thoughts on the question, because sometimes, when people are talking about things, they forget what they initially wanted to mention, or allow their thoughts to be influenced by other people in the group. This could lead to the omission of information, and less debate/discussion in the conversations.

Another possible function I would add is a button to skip questions. Sometimes everyone in the group is not knowledgeable about certain things, and that would cause a stop in conversation. While it may be good to discuss topics that people are not familiar with, since it raises awareness of that certain topic, it is not good if there is absolutely nothing to say about the topic. Therefore, a skip button would be helpful in that kind of situation. My last change would be provide some more background information on the questions, since my group had to search various things online, as we did not know what they meant (i.e. What is the difference between the Nobel Peace Prize and the Nobel Science Prize?). Adding more background information regarding the scenarios would be helpful in that case. However, because this may crowd the screen and make the app less appealing to use, I would probably make these extra pieces of information something that could be revealed if the user clicked a button for it, or if they rolled their cursor over a link.",,"With a certain amount of topics and players, there were internal server errors. Some of the topics were repeated. When reaching the end, it says that there was a problem with loading the game state and that the game data did not exist.",,1724265,"The questions that sparked the most conversation were the ones that asked about theoretical situations, or in other words, the ""what would you do"" type of questions. Examples of these questions were the ones about the United States paying for their carbon dioxide emissions, and the ones asking about what to do with the energy and water supply during the California drought. We talked a lot about these, because problems in the United States are closer to home compared to the questions asking about other countries; we had more to say about the United States since we are more knowledgeable about our own country. For the US carbon dioxide emissions question, we particularly liked to discuss strategies to cut down on those emissions. We also talked a lot about how taking action to reduce those carbon dioxide emissions would affect our economy, because the US cares an awful lot about money. We were careful to discuss different perspectives of the situation: we first stated our opinion on the topic, like what we would want to happen in our ideal world, and then we discussed how plausibility of those things happening with the current social and economic factors that affect the United States.

For the questions about the California drought, we also mainly focused on how to act to reduce climate change impacts, and discussed the situation with the mindsets of ideals, plausibility, and economics. We liked to take each part of the question and put it through the different lenses, and discuss the effects that would happen if we changed a certain thing. For example, when asked whether California should distribute more of its water to large cities, the agricultural industry, or hydropower, we like to theorize about what would occur if water was distributed to each sector, how that would affect that part in the short run, and what consequences would show up if that were the long-term decision. It is fun to think about the different possibilities that could happen if we ever decided to do things differently!"
11/28/2017 0:09:00,"In the conversation, it went different ways depending on the type of question that was discussed. When we talked about storing carbon in the ground, which we had vague background knowledge on, our conversation went lighthearted and just talked about what was best for the environment and how storing carbon was a good thing. We went from talking how trees and plants take in carbon dioxide into how the land has a limit on how much carbon can be taken in. Another conversation that we took lighthearted was the IPCC because once again we had no background knowledge on what it is, so we just briefly answered the question. Also, for lighthearted question, we searched up Google on stuff in order to understand the topic. For example, for the noble prize question, we were confused on what is a peace prize and noble prize of science, so we answered it light-heartedly and just gave a reasonable answer. Questions that we took seriously are questions we discussed in class or something we have knowledge of. Especially things like the pollution or natural disasters, we took them pretty seriously as these topics appear in news, our class, and other social media sites. Sometimes, some questions made us off track, which we started discussing about other things that are relatable to the topic but not really answer the question. For this activity, I was talking with 3 of my friends who have background knowledge of climate change. 
","In my opinion, I would change the app by creating conversations that were discussed in the class or topics that are more relatively known around the world. Maybe I would change the app that uses the social media posts that are a centered topic and could spark a conversation amongst people. Social media is a powerful tool and many people that post a video, picture, or news article on social media gets noticed immediately compared to daily news that is received. In this generation, phones are commons things people have with them every day, either in their hands, pockets, or somewhere on them. Another way social media could be used with this app is including the comments that are written about the video. Like, first you have the social media and have the group discuss it and then pop up the comments that other people said about and have the group discuss on whether they disagree or not with what other people say. This way, the group can say what they think and experience what other people are saying. Of course, with this method, when posting about a social media or the comments, its best to filter out some of them as some of them are offensive and could greatly impact one's thinking.
To further my idea, I feel like other than social media, we can make it like a blog post, where it is kind of like a game that you earn points in when you participate or leave a comment about something. This way, not only will students participate more as they have something to gain from it, it will also benefit them by having them participate in a bigger community with wider ideas. Of course, every time a player post a comment, it needs to be read by the developer or someone before it is posted or else it can cause confusion or discomfort in using the app. Which you can make each player anonymous to other players and could only see the comment. Also, after the app gets fully popularized, it can develop an organizations of members that get together to talk about different topics from the same city and same participation level as other members. This app can be made like toastmaster, where different department of people come together to have fun and talk about something.",,"Yes, I experienced glitches on the app, where it sometimes lead me to ""Internal server error"" or ""there was problem loading your game state at the end"" ",,1724243,"One of the questions that sparked the most in the conversation is the question on whether we should charge people for polluting the air. We all agreed the answer by saying yes we should charge people for polluting the air because we discussed how everyone should be responsible for harming the environment. During the conversation, someone mentioned how ""we should always give back what we take,"" meaning we should give something back as we pollute the air, which in this case, money, to support future developments. Someone in our group mentioned a Dr.Seuss book that talks about how if we don't do anything, nothing will change. Which driven us to talk about how if we don't charge people when they pollute the air, they will just continue to pollute the air in their own convenience and will probably worsen the environment. However, if we charge them money, we can actually place a limit on how much they emit because no one really want to pay extra money and rather save those money for something they want. Also, during the conversation, it was mentioned how many people goes overboard when something is free, so if we put a price on something, it will let people see the value of something. This leads to another topic, where there is podcast that talks about the value of nature and the environmental services they provide us, and talking about how the total value of what the environment provide is greater than the global economy.
Our questions driven further as to how do we calculate how much each household pollutes. We talked about measuring each household usage of electricity and gas, which someone mentions how we are already paying for such things. Someone in our group mentioned how we can add extra fees to extra amount of electricity used. Meanwhile, a topic of measuring each neighborhood air quality and charged them higher fees, but someone disagrees as they mention how this could lead to future conflicts. As we are running out of ideas, we made up fictional ideas in where we create a field that measure each household carbon emission."
11/28/2017 0:09:18,"Our conversation went okay. It was a semi serious conversation. We had real good hopes and very optimistic answers but we were real at the time. We hypothesized how concrete and achievable our answers were and we discussed ripple effects. We built on the questions to other ideas and talked more. The only problem was that when we gave an answer, the method on how to implement it seemed unrealistic. We were very passionate and serious about the conversation but it seems far fetched. It was a lighthearted conversation for the most part but we ran into some disagreements. When that happened, we kind of laughed it off and moved on. Seemed like we avoided some hard to answer questions where after a while, we just decided to move on. It was humorous at times for when we were really stumped on a question and had no idea how realistic it would be, we made funny jokes about how it could be implemented. We pulled out sci-fi ideas as a joke. Overall it was enjoyable. It was educational and interesting to see my friend's view. 

I was talking to friends of my age. Some of the questions were unrelatable for we were too young to have personal experience. We are a pretty serious bunch of kids so we had a lot of ideas and we not afraid to question each other. We would counterargue each other and feel comfortable in doing so. At times, when we really did not come up with a conclusion, as teens, we just moved on. We have know each other for some time so we were very honest, for the most part, about our opinions. ","I would also include images. Make the appearance more appealing. I would add pictures relating the questions. 

I would also make it so that it was more obvious when a different question appeared. I was hard to tell when the question changed but the scenario stayed the same. We missed some question due to not noticing the changes in questions.

It would also be helpful to have a back button so that we can revisit questions. 

I would also want to have the app select issues I want to talk about. Like more types of questions on all categories related to climate. I would be cool if their were pie charts on different issues related to climate that we can pick and work our way up to completion. 

It would also be nice if for each question they gave us, there was a follow up question or fact. Like they would ask a question and a fact that related to the question would pop up making you rethink your answer. Questions on top of questions. Like if I give you this fact, would it change your mind? 

I would also like an answer for each question. Like an area for you to see answer that other people gave. After discussing the questions in person, you can write down your answers and post it so that other people can see and you can read other people's opinions. Sometimes, when your group all have the same opinion, it is nice to read other people's opinions too.",,"It did not let us play a 4 player game it 3 topics each. the ""Internal Server Error"" message popped up. In the end, we only played with 2 topics per person. Also, we were not sure if the app ended or what happened. At some point, we clicked next and we were brought back to the home screen with a message that said ""there was a problem loading your game state. no game in progress"" which I have no idea what it meant or what a happened. So I assumed the game ended thus we stopped. ",,1742107,"The question that sparked the most conversation between us was the one regarding should people pay for carbon pollution. We said yes to people paying for pollution, but we were just unsure of how that was realistic. We talked a lot about ways people pollute, how could it be possibly be measured, and what a good set of policy would look like. It seemed like for this question, we had a lot of creative ideas which build upon each other and generated more ideas. 

I think the reason that we had so much to say about this question is because we found that it was a good idea and we found a lot of positives results from doing so. It was the issue of ""how"" that got us talking. We were interested on fair and reasonable policies.

In the end, the conversation died off. We had so much ideas on how we could measure and how much people should pay for air pollution that we could not seem to sort out a conclusion. We ended the conversations with creating a force field around each house to measure emissions and making people report emissions (in a similar form to reporting income tax). We ended it with humor and moved on.  "
11/28/2017 0:09:21,"I was talking with my friends. We talked in a group of four. All four of us are in the same class together. 

The conversation was sometimes lighthearted but most of the time, we were serious about them. There were some questions where we would go beyond what we were asked and try to find solutions to the questions. Sometimes we would go off topic as well since there would be some things that were mentioned that were not really related to the question at hand but we would talk about that anyways. There were some questions that we couldn't  really relate to so we quickly answered that question and went on to the next one. Some of the questions that we skipped were events that we didn't remember. Other questions were asking if we knew people that had events happen to. For most of the events, we didn't know anyone who had lived through those events. 

The conversation was rarely lighthearted. It was only when we went off topics that it became lighthearted. It would be when the topic turned to growing succulents. The question asked about plants in parks in homes and parks. We started to talk about how plants were suited to the climates here and would not die. Then we somehow turned to growing plants and how easy it would be to grow then. Then the conversation went on to growing succulents if we wanted easy plants to grow and that wouldn't need much care. Then it somehow turned to how one of my friends grew succulents before and it died within a week. ","It would be better if when someone was having a conversation in a group, everyone would have the same question on their screen. This way, it would be easier to follow along what is being discussed. When there are different questions on everyone's screen, we don't know what we should be discussing. Also, there would be a conflict in questions when a question pops up on one person's screen even though that question had already been discussed before. It would be better if everyone in the conversation had questions that were in synchrony of each other. 

Another change that the app should have is how the conversation ends. When we were going through the questions, a screen suddenly popped up and it said ""There was a problem loading your game state: No game in progress found."" It would be better if there was a certain known number of questions that we would have to go through listed somewhere on the page. That way, we would know how close we are to the end of the conversation. Also, I would have the end of the conversation go directly back to the home page where it asks for the player's names and the year you were born. I would have a page here it tells you that you have reached the end of the conversation,",,"Yes, when we tried doing three or more topics, it wouldn't work with four people. It kept saying some sort of server error. ",,1723172,"A question that sparked a conversation was about whether we should make the US pay for polluting the planet. We first decided that the US should pay for the damages caused by the pollution. But then we wondered where the money would go to. If the money went to first world countries then they would use that money to boost their economy and that would cause businesses to appear. The appearance of new businesses would cause more pollution from those countries. But if we were to give the money to third world countries then the same thing would happen. The developing countries would use that money to boost their economy as well. That would also cause more pollution to go into the air. So then we decided that the money to pay for the damages would go to research groups who help use that money in some way to help decrease the amount of pollution going into the atmosphere as well as decreasing the amount of pollution in the atmosphere.

Another question was about how we get our energy sources. We talked about how our main energy sources are powered by the dams. And how we are also powered by coal, wind, and solar. This then led to talk of how some energy sources are not efficient. Some of it would be due to the environment and others would be due to the impact that it has on the environment. We talked about why California was not depending on solar power even though it is really sunny there. And we talked about how the dams that we are right now are having an impact on the wildlife around the dams. It is causing animals like salmon to not be able to swim out to the ocean or back in to lay eggs. "
11/28/2017 0:49:59,"It was alright. I invited some of my roommates to do the conversation with me. Considering how they tend to have an opinion on the current world, they enjoyed it much more than myself.  The conversation veered off into different directions (side tangents), but it was not due to the game. It was just that we were much more interested in other topics at times. 

It was kinda fun. The topic of global warming tends to be more dark and negative, due to the pessimistic forecasts from scientists. The topics acted as an interesting starter to conversations we wouldn't have had otherwise, though. Overall, the ability to force conversation on the topic is good, but my friends and I already agree with climate change. ","I think the app does it's job well to spur conversation with people who already agree with climate change and also people who enjoy conversation, but I'd say that it's a select group of people. I would rather have this game be more point-based to increase the amount of fun with the game. The role-play style of this game is kind of weird and not that appealing. Also people who do not believe in climate change are probably reluctant to play this game as it seems to be time consuming. So the target audience would probably be people who already agree with climate change. I think a climate-change DND game would be pretty awesome if you guys could pull something like that off, but it would take lots of lore, creativity and work. xD

Another thing would be to make it more of a voting-system when people answer their questions like in apples to apples, or cards against humanity maybe. this competitive aspect might make the game more interesting or fun. Overall, as a quiet person, I didn't really enjoy it much, but spending times with my friends was  good.",,"Yes, at atimes when trying to play with four people, the app simple got a timed out error. After one my roommates left, we were able to do it with just the three of us. Other than that it was pretty good! When there was no time-out error, then the game worked smoothly all throughout!",,1671084,"The coal conversation definitely takes the ball for this one. So, coming off our election of Donald Trump, we considered coal to be a dying industry in the United States (also across the world), but apparently that isn't the case at all. The question had told us this fact that coal consumption had actually increased by like 70% and that 40% of the earth's electricity is due to coal. This surprised me a lot because I thought the majority of the earth's electricity is due to hydro-power, but this is only true for those that live in the PNW like ourselves.

My friend Jenny, she also told us about how electric cars claim to be more environmentally friendly, but since so much electricity originates from coal, that it might not be the best current solution, although the shift is in the right direction. My other roommate has some family that used to work coal in the midwest and his discussion on coal was very interesting. Coal used to be blood and soul of small towns in the past, from what his elders would tell him."
11/28/2017 1:25:38,"Living in an apartment of eight, I asked a few of my roommates to play the game. The conversation started with an awkward touch that slowly entered a fun and lighthearted mood. Rather than making the conversation depressing due to the topic being global warming, we decided that we would make this time as serious, yet enjoyable as possible. Though we sometimes ended up swaying off topic, the questions were enough to keep us going. I was afraid that my roommates would not want to participate, but they told me that they value the environmental changes of global warming on a large scale. 
One of the topics that one of my roommates brought up was the fact that her family owns one of the Jamba Juices in Washington. There was a question about the average surface temperature of the Earth becoming warmer, and if winters feel different than they used to. She stated that although she and her family worries about the effects of climate change, sometimes her family was happy that the winters were feeling warmer. The rest of us were very surprised by this claim, and asked her why. She explained that because the drinks their family sold was generally cold, the warmer climate would increase their business. It seemed ridiculous at first, but she had seen business rise on warmer days, versus colder days. I thought this was extremely interesting, but “messed up” in its own way. 
","	I believe that this app could still be changed in many ways. First, I thought that the scenarios given were well created; however, the questions were usually not deep enough to instigate long conversations. For example, “Do you know where your power comes from, and what impacts it has on the local environment?” If the person being asked the question does not know, and no one in the group knows, it becomes difficult to talk about the topic. 
The question, “What do you think would be harder to handle -- major flooding or a long drought?” is a good question because it gives rise to discussion. I believe that more of these questions should be added. It is more fun as it seems like a “would you rather question.” I think that when the topic gets too serious or too boring, it makes people disinterested. Climate change should be taken seriously, but disinterest may also cause a lack of care.  
",,"Yes, I had a hard time loading the game. There was an internal error for a long time. ",,1723191,"I believe that one of the questions that sparked the most conversation was “What rivers or bodies of water do you depend on?” Most of my roommates were unsure as to how to answer the question at first. The question seemed so simple, yet so complicated at the same time. The conversation started with very narrow ideas, and gradually became broader. For example, my roommate started off by listing the bodies of waters that surrounded Washington. These included the Pacific Ocean, Puget Sound, Snoqualmie River, etc. Then, we proceeded to talk about the seafood that were imported from other countries. This would mean that foreign rivers and bodies of water that we could not even name were waters that we depended on. From the scenario, it sounded like people used bodies of water for things other than water. Some bodies of water were considered sacred. Some bodies of water were used for entertainment. 
	Another question that brought up a lot of conversation was “Do you remember a very hot summer in your hometown? What was it like?” Again, it was a very simple question, but brought up many stories even from other countries such as Taiwan, Japan, China, etc. I talked about the monsoon seasons in Taiwan and how I absolutely hated the hot weathers. My half American, half Japanese roommate, talked about the major differences in heat between the United States and Japan. One of the major differences, she said, was humidity. I explained to her that the humidity intensifies the heat felt. 
"
11/28/2017 11:13:11,"     I believe this conversation was very productive. The app helped to facilitate healthy discourse regarding pertinent climate issues. I gathered a few of my apartment-mates and we had a lighthearted and fun conversation regarding climate change. 
     The individuals involved in the conversation had varying levels of knowledge. One of the players is studying Wildlife Conservation. She is very interested in Climate Change and so she knew a lot more about the topic than the other players who had a very basic understanding. Our varying levels of knowledge and different backgrounds helped us analyze the given situations from a variety of angles. While discussing, we also considered factors such as economic impact, quality of life, and food insecurity. This allowed for our conversation to extend beyond just the environmental implications of some issues.","I think this app was very helpful in facilitating a productive conversation. However, I think the reason that my group had such an in-depth conversation was because we had various backgrounds and interests. This mean that we each brought in additional factors that we wanted to discuss in regards to the climate questions. In the current state of the game, conversation is limited to how much the players want to contribute. They could very easily answer with yes or no questions.
I think the follow - up questions are a nice addition to the game. A way to make the game even more interactive would be to ask prompt players to take into account different factors.",,No,,1677326,"     The question that sparked the most conversation was about whether droughts or floods are more destructive. Three of us had very strong opinions and one of us was unsure. Eventually the unsure player joined the side of the drought so we were split. After a few minutes of discourse, we came to the conclusion that the answer was relative.
     Two of my roommates felt strongly that floods are more destructive. They felt that they led to severe damage on a large scale. I agree with them about the destructive capabilities of floods. I understand how beyond immediate damage, there is also the risk of erosion and reduced water quality. However I disagree with them about the damage caused by floods relative to droughts. 
     The most interesting point that we brought up was the effect that drought has on the economy as opposed to floods. We suspected that drought would have a larger effect but we didn't expect such a large disparity. We looked it up online and saw that a study conducted by the World Bank, ""Uncharted Waters : The New Economics of Water Scarcity and Variability"" found that droughts are four times more expensive for economies than floods due to their long-term effects. 
"
11/28/2017 12:23:58,"Our conversation was mainly lighthearted and humorous. There wasn't really a chance for the conversation to get so serious as we are all more-or-less aware of the dangers of global warming, but aren't actively ""worrying"" about it.

I spoke with a close friend, my brother, and a parents. The conversation took place after our Thanksgiving meal, which definitely contributed to the lightheartedness of the conversation.","Instead of simply having a fact along with different questions underneath it, I think it would be great to include some sort of interactive portion, whether that be the players being able to take turns and chose customization questions, or allowing for multiple choice responses that allow everyone to share input, then discover the correct answer together.

Another change I might implement is to find some other way to incorporate the birth years of the players. The ""In the year __ turned __"" gets repetitive after a while, and makes the conversation seem like more of a chore rather than a fun, engaging discussion. Maybe randomize the questions like ""Did you know, __ years after __ was born..."" or, ""__ years after __ was born...""",,"Yes. I could not start the application with only 3 people. It only started with 4 or more participants listed. Also, at the end of the app there is no ""discussion complete"" type of screen, instead it said ""there was a problem loading your game state: No game in progress found.""",,1327830,"One of the most debated questions was where would you relocate to in case of environmental changes? There were different responses to this, mainly go north towards Canada, east towards Idaho, or south towards California. I would assume the responses are based on family living in those areas. Based on what I've learned in this class, I tried to explain that as global warming increases, places like California are likely to get drier and hotter, therefore I agreed with the decision to move towards Canada like many other species that are moving pole-wards.

Also, what would be harder to deal with, drought or flood? Due to experiencing a flood while I was a baby in California, my mother agreed that floods are harder to deal with based on her first hand experience. Most other people I played with said that drought would be worse since water is so vital. This took our discussion towards talking about the importance of being prepared in disasters like this with emergency kits that contain packaged water. I said that drought would be harder to deal with, as you would have to hope for a lot of precipitation in the seasons before summer so as drought cannot occur as easily. Conversely, floods can be somewhat planned for in the sense of using sandbags and setting up shelters for flood victims.
"
11/28/2017 12:37:28,"It went pretty well. It was humorous and super fun! I was talking with friends in my college and most of us were from the same city or cities with similar climates. 
I found this conversation not only strengthened my understanding about our surrounding environment, but also made me contemplate after conversation. I realized me and my peers need to learn more. ","I think it would be better if there are more visual tools utilize in the app, like pictures, graphs and videos to introduce the concepts you want us to talk about.
For someone who lived in a big city, we were definitely not having a sense of what working in a mine liked. For someone who lived in city which was cold all the time, we were definitely not knowing what a hot summer liked. For someone who didn't have a belief in river or sea, it would be hard to talk about the topics around it.
Thus, I think it would be better if we have the prior knowledge before we make the conversation.  ",,,,1766382,"I found the question asked about coal mine sparked me the most. Since we all were college students, we were definitely not working in one, and we rarely knew anyone who was. 
In response to this question, we utilized our imagination and recalled the scenarios we saw from movies or documentary films. Also, there were lots of news talked about mine collapsed, environment polluted and so on. We used this information to continue our conversation."
11/28/2017 13:41:41,"The conversations were light and relatively humorous. I decided to use a mixed bag of people, meaning a mesh of friends and family. The conversations never hit any speed bumps and the tempo of the conversations supplemented with the information made for pleasant interactions. ","The emphasis on age is relatively distracting and the conversation shifts from relevant information to irrelevant rather quickly. In order to promote conversation that is light and stays on topic I would suggest a little more emersion. If the devs want to keep the frame of time, include multiple choice i.e. "" at what age did this even happen for ___"" and even if the group has no idea just learning that small fact can contribute to conversation. ",,I was closed out several times stating I had no previous saved data. ,,1772838,A huge portion of the app is identifying age and when certain events took place. More often than not the event and time period was discussed followed by other things that may have taken place during a given time period. The ability to look back and pinpoint someones age creates a somewhat nostalgic feel regardless of subject matter. 
11/28/2017 14:02:12,"It was definitely more lighthearted initially, as I already previously knew that my family doesn't take climate change super seriously. Some questions led to more discussion than others while when I tried to push back and challenge my family with statistics on some questions, they would be skeptical and shrug it off. It is frustrating to try to have conversations about climate change with them because they aren't really open to learning more and instead dismiss my points, so having this medium where actual questions were presented instead of me just trying to persuade them was very helpful. Some questions about international policies are ones I've brought up before, especially given this presidency, and they always are quick to defend the position that sometimes other things are more important (i.e. ISIS) when the two are not even comparable or meant to be compared. 
I did try to be more respectful during this conversation than I have been before, as I usually get pretty easily heated and upset with my family and their lack of consideration for my opinions. I understand that this is a more difficult issue for some to grasp and denial does seem like the easier route because it means not having to change anything about your lifestyle and therefore I was more mindful of the things they were saying and I tried to understand what made them think that way. ","Maybe add more statistics to strengthen the arguments and make people who are incredibly skeptical, like my family, have evidence and logistics to argue against their claims. I did enjoy the years and ages of whomever was inputed as it made the situations seem much more tangible. ",,nope! very cool experience,,1729627,"Definitely questions that affected us locally, like the drought in California which led to major water reductions and being incredibly mindful of usage. One of the problems with climate change in general, I think, is the lack of the presence of the issues, which means that people won't care about it until it affects them. This is a harmful mindset and perspective to have and this was what I was trying to alter throughout our conversation. 
Other points about major population growth were frightening to try to grasp as the world seems to be growing at an insane rate. Especially living in a place where there has been a major influx in population due to industry and innovation (Silicon Valley!), it's been terrifying seeing just how drastic the changes in population are and how they'll further affect the environment. "
11/28/2017 14:02:21,"I used family members along with my boyfriend to answer the questions about climate change. I found that at first the conversation started out as more humorous and that they didn't take it seriously, but most of that could have been the fact that I forced them into this conversation. as the questions went on they got competitive about who could know the most and give me the best answers and so they then paid more attention and seemed to care more. once they started to answer with the best of their abilities the other people would try to fact check them and question anything that was uncertain or sounded false. 
I found that unless people are constantly reminded of the issue of global warming they tend to be careless on the issue. No one wanted to talk about it when i brought it up and asked them too. they acted as if it was a pointless waste of their time. based on how my conversations went I think if others were to talk about global warming they would find that they care more than they think and change could be brought about. other family members started to join in and take sides on the ""debate"". 
",I would change the app by adding more opportunities for player response. i think at the end there should be answer choices to answer from. this can help the app generate more questions based off the same direction of our conversation. this could also help people answer who don't know anything about global warming because they could use the answers to form an opinion about which solution they would prefer. I do however think the app is useful in spreading information and opinions on global warming. If more apps and games like this were used worldwide we could break down a lot of the stigma around the topic. I would also make it more of a group effort. if the players need to work together to answer a question or agree on an outcome they will not only need to learn to defend their side on global warming to others but they will understand what it takes to come to an agreement on a subject so involved. this could help them to advocate for others trying to do the same thing because agreements like these can sometimes be dragged on if they have little support.  ,,"yes, as i was going through the questions took a while to load and part way through it kicked me out and back to the players page where you put in names. ",,1729299,"There was a question directed for my mom about backing out of the protocol and if governments should make legislation regarding climate change. This was the question that started to actually spark my families interest in the game and climate change conversation. My mom thought that the governments were too busy to be dealing with the ""weather"" and that they clearly cant agree on any legislation so they shouldn't add another thing on top. This question was asked in the context of Bush already knowing  about warming and dropping out after which was a problem for my brother. My brother thought that government should be responsible for all known issues of their country and if that included climate change than that's the way it should be. The conversation led into many other questions and subjects by the end of it. Some of these included Trump and his ignorance towards global warming, how much government influence they want in their lives, how much of your usage of energy they should be able to control and some unrelated things about a new president. this shows how many different factors can be influenced by a legislation change toward global warming. any effect on our energy sources is going to effect our economy and therefore climate legislation will effect everyone.   "
11/28/2017 14:14:34,"Because the conversation was between my immediate family the conversation was pretty lighthearted and humorous. We are fully aware of each other's perspectives so were able to communicate productively. It was the political questions that caused some tension in the air, as they due, especially the one about carbon taxing in Canada. However, the humorous part of the conversation seemed to distract from the purpose, not taking the questions and perspectives completely seriously. ","I would make it more interactive, perhaps with the additionally guiding questions there could be some sub-questions and or comments to help guide peoples opinions. Maybe at the beginning there could also be a choice of the topic the questions could be around; such as political, social, environmental, or all of the above. ",,"The only glitch I had was the beginning point, entering in names and dates, it wouldn't allow one topic to be chosen per person. Once I selected two it worked. ",,1529195,"The political instances are those that sparked the most conversation. Especially because those mentioned were times my parents remembered, they seemed more sensitive towards specific negative choices. Additionally when the questions related to topics were more close to home (such as the bodies of water we live close to) there seemed to be more empathy and understanding repercussions of specific plans of actions originally opposed. "
11/28/2017 14:17:52,"The conversations went quite interestingly, some of the conversations were serious than after awhile they go humorous and not really caring about the topics. It was all lighthearted no one got really into it at all. I talked with one friend and were family members. I did this during thanksgiving before dinner and I feel as if I picked a different time, the conversations might have been more amusing. Reason I bring this up is because everyone was just very hungry and ready to eat some great thanksgiving food!","They way I would change this app to create the kind of conversations I would want to have would be change the style of the questions are asked. Some are great like the garden being involved with the California drought but others were boring and for people not interested in Global Warming or climate, it's very hard to get conversations spiked. Overall I think the game is great but for people who actually are interested in the topics/like to express their opinions. ",,"Nope, didn't experience any glitches at all.",,1770757,"Interestingly enough there was a big conversation spike, when the event of the California drought was talked about; and the question was whether or not you would put cacti in your front yard or if you yard or communities landscape described the type of climate you lived in. There was a spike in conversation during this topic because my uncle lives in California so he talked about what the drought was like and how severe it was, and my grandma loves to garden so she could relate to whether she would change her front yard with cacti instead of flowers, grass, etc... 

On my uncle's side of the topic, the conversation went to how hard it would be to live in an area especially where my uncle lived (farmland), and how expensive the costs would change because of the amount of saving of water and food that would have to be made. It turned into a very interesting conversation with my family.

On my grandma's side, she went on and on how she would hate to change her lovely green front and backyard into a dry cacti style of yard. 

Both conversations were fun and interesting to hear everyone's different perspective on the event."
11/28/2017 14:18:54,"My conversation went well. For the most part, they were fairly lighthearted however many of the people I talked with recognized the importance or integral roll global warming plays in modern day society. Many of the questions asked were related to the age of the person I was interviewing. This definitely helped create a dialogue between me and the interviewee as the questions asked related to a time period where they had some degree of familiarity. 

The scope of people I interviewed varied from friends, close family, and one person who is in the ATM 111 class. They all had varying opinions on the questions I asked. However, it seemed that the younger the age of the person I interviewed, the more concern they expressed towards global warming.   ","For the most part, the questions asked were intriguing and led to meaningful conversation. The people I interviewed felt involved with the questions and could give valid answers regardless of their previous knowledge of the subject. 

That being said, the app could have framed its questions slightly differently to promote deeper conversation. For instance, some questions could be more specific to truly see the opinions of the people I interviewed. Global warming can be a confusing topic and some people do not understand the scope of this problem and the impact its having on modern day society. This is an importance aspect that I wished the questions focused on more . ",,The app worked flawlessly!,,1574194,"The questions that had to with general culpability for global warming or questions that made my interviewee critically think sparked the most conversation. This is true because they made the person I interviewed feel directly apart of the problem and allowed them to interject their own opinion. For instance, questions like, should the United States pay for their carbon emissions (monetarily) challenged the person I was interviewing and made them think critically. This sense of involvement created interest in the conversation and this led to more detailed answers in subsequent questions. 

These questions led to deeper talks about the true effects of global warming. Many times during my interviews, I had small aside conversations with my interviewee where they pondered the impact each of us has on the problem of global warming. As a person in this class, I was even asked to expand upon my knowledge of this topic. The questions asked helped guide conversation and targeted some of the key factors involved with global warming. 


"
11/28/2017 14:59:43,"I talked to my three older sisters. The conversation was light and not too serious. This was because it was between family and I decided to discuss it casually while we were hanging out. It is easy to talk to my sisters about this kind of stuff because we generally all have the same views when it comes to climate change. 

There were moments when things got more serious because my sisters are very passionate about climate change. Certain questions that had to do more with politics steered our convo into a more political arena and that's where the most heated parts of the discussion happened because we don't believe politicians are doing enough to stop climate change. 
","One thing I would change about the app would be to ask more discussion questions, rather than factual ones. For example, one of the questions was about which bodies of water we live around and that was a simple question that didn't evoke deeper conversations about climate change.  Questions like where would we prefer to live if we were forced to relocate or does it make sense to give rivers the same rights as people were better questions for a more thoughtful discussion. 

Aside from that, I wouldn't change anything about the app. It was a good way to answer questions and think about things we don't normally think about day to day. ",,"No, we didn't experience any glitches with the app.",,1724261,"The question asking about where we would move sparked the most conversation between the four of us. This was because we all have different personality types and so it affected our answers. Me and my oldest sister both like the cold weather and so we chose areas that are typically colder with more snow. My second sister favors warm weather so she chose places in the south where it's hot and dry. And my third sister likes to live in places where she can experience all four seasons. 

Another question we talked about most was when we were asked if we knew the history of our community and how long it's been in place. This sparked conversations because we've never talked about it before. We moved to Lynnwood when I was three years old from California but we haven't had the chance to sit down and discuss the city in a historical aspect, which was interesting to do after we've lived here for so long. "
11/28/2017 15:51:25,"I decided to play the app with family as we waited for Thanksgiving dinner to be ready. It took me a while to convince my family to want to play. The hesitation began as soon as I mentioned what class the app was for, no one wanted to play. Some of the comments I heard where funny jokes about global warming. However, I finally gathered 3 people to join me and we began the game. The conversation at first was not taken very seriously. I played the app with a couple of cousins that are around my age.
At first, everyone was only partially playing the game. My family was either talking, on their phones or watching the football game.  We got through maybe 3 or 4 questions before they called us for dinner. I decided to give the game another try after dinner, everyone was more settled down and more willing to play. This time around I played with more people of different age groups including a 5 year. Having my 5-year-old was the best part. 
","I would change the app by making it be more fun like a game. By doing that it would be more interaction between the players. The way the app is set up now, there isn’t a lot of back and forth talking. The players are only answering questions which can be a little boring, if the other players aren’t actually fully participating and responding. 
Something else I would change in the app. Is I would have it include more personal facts/ questions. At the beginning of the game, when the players are asked to put in their date of birth have it gather more information about the players apart from just that. For example, the app could ask them where they live or where they are from. That way it can provide facts and questions that include the region that the players are familiar with. 
",,NO,,1463267,"Having my 5-year-old little cousin really sparked the conversation, although she didn’t know many of the answers or understand many of the questions. It gave everyone the opportunity to explain the answers to my little cousin. it was interesting to see how everyone was putting in their input, or correcting one another as everyone attempted to try and clarify and explain things to my little cousin but at the same time be the person who knew the correct answer. 
 One of the questions we spent most time answering was: “What do you think would be harder to handle- major flooding or a long drought?”. Some of the players and family that was sitting listening to us answer the questions form the app, are an older generation from Mexico. Most of them were farmers or their parents were farmers dependent on their crops. They explained that droughts are the worst because of the damages entire communities suffer, Including starvation. However, many of my younger cousins had a different answer. They said a flood would be worse, especially after seeing the recent floods in Texas and Florida. They said floods can destroy homes and leave many people without electricity. 
"
11/28/2017 16:29:21,"I played with my family the day after Thanksgiving. It was pretty fun because my family can really get into games and likes to speak their opinion, but I have one uncle who's conservative and very outspoken about his opinions, while almost all the rest of my family is very liberal. We had to end the game at the very end because people started to get mad at each other rather than us having fun.
Other than that, it was very interesting to hear some viewpoints that I had never heard before. Because most of us have similar viewpoints, it was cool to hear some that I agreed with while never had thought of before. It was also interesting to hear some I did not agree with because I got to see why they thought that and hear them talk their ideas through. ","I would change the app to make it more non bias. The questions were good, but sometimes they were worded towards getting the people to say they would help the environment. Or, the first few more personal questions made you feel obligated to say you would help the environment instead of seeing the question from an outside perspective. Even though it was good for people to say they'd help the environment, it made people's answers stray away from being too conservative and didn't seem like their true answers sometimes. It's more interesting to let people answer how they really feel and see how you see things differently than to all have the same answers. 
Also, I would change the app so it calls out specific people and asks them what they think. Sometimes in heated conversations certain people depending on their personality tend to speak the most, so if the app took turns letting specific people talk it might help get everyone's opinion heard.",,No it worked well,,1733133,"My favorite questions were the first few that would go with a main question that indirectly had to do with the main question, asking things about our personal lives. I liked these because I felt like I was learning something when I didn't know the answer about my local world and environment. I also liked how these questions got people to start talking easier which made them more outspoken about the tougher questions, and I liked how the questions always seemed to flow together. 
The questions that sparked the most conversation (argument) ended up being the ones about carbon dioxide and the world heating up. This didn't surprise me because it seems that questions like these are usually not agreed upon. These questions brought our conversation to politics and to how people's thoughts on climate are often skewed to whatever side they lean towards because people tend to agree with others especially if they consider themselves to on the same political ""side"" of the spectrum."
11/28/2017 17:00:50,"The conversation was at times humorous and at times serious. I played this game with my friends. It would get serious because we would debate about what we believed was the right solution. It was also interesting and sometimes shocking to hear what other people had to say about the specific event. My friends come from different backgrounds, therefore, they all had different views. Because of that, the conversation would sometimes be funny due to various interesting responses. 
The conversation made me realize how much this class has actually taught me. I found it interesting because some of my friends were not as concerned with who's responsibility it would be to take care of our air. This reminded me of the tragedy of the commons and how it is a real issue. Some people simply do not feel that they are responsible for things such as air because it is so abundant and everywhere. No one can claim air as their own so it is hard to decide who has to be responsible for it. These thoughts were interesting to me. ","I noticed when we had our conversation that some of my friends were not knowledgable on the topic. The app would work better if it suggested solutions or examples. Also it would be helpful to have a definitions or explanation box for topics that may be more obscure to people who are not familiar with environmental science. Also, some questions were just yes and no questions. I think to spark more conversation, there should be more tough and thought provoking questions.  It was because of the hard questions that we had a real and thoughtful conversation. Also questions that put things in perspective or make it personal were good because they allowed us to relate these topics to our real life. 
If you want to make the app more interactive, you could include multiple choice answers for a competition aspect. Seems like an interesting concept you could build upon. There could be a mini trivia game after each section.That way there would be more of an incentive of getting friends to use this app. ",,"When I first tried to use the app there was an error, however I refreshed it a couple of times and it seemed to work afterwards. ",,1730324,"The events that sparked the most conversation were the solution problems. Those questions were the most thought provoking because it meant we would have to think about conditions outside of just North America. We also had a lot of debate about how different positions should react. We put our selves into the shoes of corporations, rich people, poor people, and the environment. For example, when thinking about how we would distribute water in drought, we thought about how hard that decision would actually be. It would be hard morally, to just give it to the people who had enough money to buy it. However, we realize it is not economical to just give everyone water. We ended up deciding maybe random selection may be the best. 
A specific example is the river question. It was interesting to put our selves in the position as something as abstract as nature. But then we also considered the position of a corporation and how economics would be changed. We as average consumers never thought too much about where things came from. For example, when debating the energy question, some of us thought most of our energy supply came from coal, when in fact is isn't. These point of views allowed us to have serious conversations. "
11/28/2017 17:08:30,"I feel that our conversation went pretty serious. As a family, we are very close knit, so everyone listened carefully with our responses. We were able to go into deeper conversations because we were comfortable with each other. I definitely liked that the app got us to keep talking to each other, without me having to find things to talk about.

My dad was very supportive of stopping climate change. He does not want us to live in a planet that is in a worse state than how it was when he was young. He tells us to do our best as we grow into adults, to find ways to reverse the effects of climate change. He tells us that we do not want to look back in our lives, and think that we did not give enough efforts to preserve our environment. 

My brother was also supportive of stopping climate change. He believes that we already have the technology to stop it. Our technology will just keep advancing too. It is just up to us, as a society, to make it happen.","In terms of some changes, I would like it if it showed some sample answers (or community answers), to the questions. After our conversation for a topic, I would like to know other points of views, how other people would answer these questions. Sometimes, we would not really know if what we were talking about, was on track with the question. 

I would also like to have references for these events and questions. If I wanted to know more information about a specific event that was within the app, I would want to be able to find it easy by just clicking on a source of that event within the app. Some people also do not just take in what they read, they would like to see a reliable source behind it to valid its credibility.",,"I personally did not experience any glitches. It said in the end, however, that ""There was a problem loading your game state: No game progress was found."" I do not know what that means.",,1565873,"There was an event, where James Hansen, a scientist from NASA, testified before the U.S. Congress to warn them that Earth was already heating up because of pollution from fossil fuel burning. The question was how would we like society to tackle this problem. 

We collectively told each other that, it is a scientist that is telling us. Why should we have a reason to not trust what they say? This is a scientist from NASA, we should not have to question it. We, as a society, need to find other fuels that is cleaner than fossil fuels. We should always be adapting and moving forward. We can never settle. We already know that fossil fuel processes damage our environment, we, as a society, need to find cleaner energy to use.

There was another event that said that coal consumption has increased by 70% between 2000, and 2013. We questioned again as to why we have not found better methods to power our electricity. We are using old methods still, why have we become comfortable with the methods we have now, when we know that we still have plenty ways to go, in terms of finding other ways to power our electricity? It does not matter how much electricity we have, if we do not have a planet to live on that could support us."
11/28/2017 17:34:56,"I talked with friends at the University of Washington who were already interested in climate change, particularly in regards to the social implications of climate change.
The conversation was generally pretty lighthearted. We talked a lot about how the questions affect different parts of the United States. Specifically how Seattle is different from Chicago, where my friend was from. It was interesting to learn from a first-hand source about a place I don't live in.","I would make a way to get more information about a topic in a question. For example, when talking about carbon storage underground, we didn't know much about how effective it is and whether or not we supported it. Similarly, when talking about who should cut down on water usage during a drought, we eventually came to a consensus but didn't know if we had the ""right"" answer. I'd be interested in knowing what they do in California during their droughts, for example.
I would also add a more clear ""conclusion"". After the last question, we just went back to the start page and it was kind of surprising and not entirely fulfilling.",,"When I first started the game, I got a 500 error. It went away when I refreshed.",,1610638,"The most engaging question was probably about relatable questions. For example, the one about ""do you know where your energy comes from?"" Like I mentioned in the last response, we could talk about the different places we're  from.
Another question which we talked a lot about was about the carbon tax. Although we were initially in agreement that it was a good thing, we found out that it might cause stress on the lives of poor people with older cars who would be paying additional taxes, while rich people with electric Teslas would not be affected."
11/28/2017 17:46:32,"Our conversations were fairly serious, but we did throw in a mix of lightheartedness as well. I spoke with friends so you should always expect that. They knew that this was for my class so they tried to tackle each question with a legitimate answer.

I found it helpful to discuss things with people of different backgrounds and get a new perspective, although a lot of our answers matched up in ways that seemed like common sense, at least to us. Other questions I would have liked to have an older person as well as they referred to events that occurred when we were children.","Initially I was confused by the formatting. The question begins with a statement of a players age but the ACTUAL question is lower on the screen. Sometimes these questions didn't didn't seem to fit the upper background information either. Maybe include an instruction guide to explain how it works?

Having a way to record answers might also work well. We found that if each player answered and then discussed each others responses there was a lot less of ""yes I agree lets go to the next one"" and more interesting points made. Also, participants are known as players but there is no response system or scoring to make it a game.

Since the age is included at the start, maybe tailor the questions to people age? Hurricane Katrina questions were difficult to answer, I didn't watch the news when I was 9. Neither did any  of the other participants I had. ",,"Yes, it often links to a server error when you try to begin and I was also booted back to the beginning screen early on in my first attempt.",,1271075,"The questions that sparked the most conversation were mainly scientific ones. There was one in particular about trapping CO2 and returning it to the soil. The conversation started with a lot of confusion and curiosity, my friends didn't understand how that would work. Eventually we ended up watching a video on it.

There were also a few questions that seemed to halt the conversation. Questions about Katrina (when we were all 9) were difficult to answer as well as one about 'identifying with an ecosystem.' Others just required more thought. Should a river have the rights of a person? Should the US pay for past emissions as well as current ones? My friends had some interesting views on these."
11/28/2017 18:27:57,"The conversation went ok with most of the people. It was kind of serious but at the same time it was not really fun. The scenarios were a bit too intensive and many of the people who were playing couldn't answer very well.
The people I was talking to were my friends. They are aware of the severe effects of climate change, however it was kind of difficult to discuss about the questions because they were extensive in what they were asking. ","I would change this app to make it more similar to an actual game or competition. The reason being that this type too bland and boring and to be honest most people would not use the app on purpose or to pass time. I think if it was a game, more people could be engaged into the game.
The conversation that I would want to have would be one that was inspired by curiosity and/or the discussion between two conflicting sides so that people could see the viewpoints of other people.",,No I did not experience ay glitches or problems with the app.,,1727006,"One event that sparked a lot of conversation was the question about granting rivers the rights of a person and whether or not that was the same as giving corporations the rights of a person. It was an interesting question because it involved the ""rights"" of two different bodies or entities of ideas. This question led to the discussion of what the difference between a river and a corporation was and why they could be considered to be different.
Another event that sparked a lot of questions was the question about whether flooding or drought was worse. This one was interesting because they were both bad natural disasters. The conversations this sparked leaned more to the presentation of ideas the people had."
11/28/2017 18:48:06,"I had this conversation with my immediate family (my brothers, mother, and father) after our thanksgiving dinner. It was a great way to avoid awkward silences and long pauses created from post dinner fatigue. I think the conversation went well and since my family is composed of very nice individuals, they were more than willing to participate in proactive conversation. It seemed rather serious. ","I think the app did an interesting job in correlating the age of the players to the information that was given. Unfortunately that was the extent of the interaction between user and the app. If the app had multiple choice questions, it would be much better in fostering conversation and having people engage in conversation when working together to answer the questions given. That would increase the interactions between users and app and provide for more learning through the game.",,The questions ended abruptly and there was an error at the top of the page saying that no progress was made. This happened after we got through about 15 questions. ,,843004,"Being that my family is made up of business people and lawyers, the question that my family spent the most time on was the question regarding the equal weight between humans, rivers, corporations, and how they are seen in the eyes of the government. This was an interesting conversation because we were testing the implications of rivers having the same legal bounds as a human. This is interesting because we not only looked at how it would effect the rivers in New Zealand but also here in Seattle. This was a great talking point because it was interesting, something that we all have expertise in, and looking at how local representations were able to foster deeper conversation."
11/28/2017 18:49:09,"(I submitted one previously but I by accident did not follow the rubric for at least 2-3 paragraph each question. So I decide the submit this one which has longer answers for each question!) Since it was during the thanksgiving break, the conversation when pretty well with a relaxable tone. However, we were pretty serious on several questions. I talked with my roommates who are also college students. 
     
During the conversation, we firstly sat down around a round table in the living room, turned off the electrical devices besides the laptop, turn the lights off in order to create a focus environment. Then, we typed in our names into the app and started our conversations based on the questions on the app. 
     
The conversation went on smoothly thanks to the logical design of the app. We had some sparkling points on some topics and some tiny disagreements, both of which will be addressed in the following paragraphs.
","In my opinion, the app is already super good since there are valuable topics with engaging characters. There are 3 ideas for the improvement:

Firstly, to make it more involved, the app can raise the difficulty of the questions and engage in some quantitative problems.

Secondly, the app can engage in some animation in order to build a more virtual environment. For example, the environment can be a convention in New York on climate or a afternoon tea between climate professionals in London. In this way, players can choose their favorite environment.

Thirdly, the app can involve in more complicate game rubrics. For example, it can set the levels and rounds for each levels. Also, it can set the virtual gifts and prizes for the winners or the entire group for accomplishing the mission.

All the above are just my personal opinions. Above all it is a amazing app!
",,I did not experience any glitch during the using of the app. Every thing went throughly.,,1539609,"The events that sparked me and my roommates the most are: 
     
1: the question about if it is understandable or appropriate to give a river the same identity and status as people. This is a interesting topic that we had never thought about before with full of philosophy concepts. On this topic, our opinions were divided into two: one group of us thought that even though objectively a river is not a person and has no biological life, considering the importance of it for the ecosystem under the stress of climate change, we should accept the proposal of giving rivers the same status as people in order to promote environmental protection. Another group of us thought that rivers should not be granted the same status as people, otherwise every implement on river constructions should go through the human right judgement. Over all, we did not come to an agreement, but it was still a ponderable experience.
  
 2: the recollection of a storm that we had experienced. One of my roommates is come from Hong Kong and just experienced a storm this summer back home with heavy rains. The storm did bring many rainfall and windy days to the cities and caused some inconvenience to people who lived in the city, yet luckily it did not cause any serious damage of property thanks to the effective management of the government. 
  
 3:the last question that sparked our thinking was about if individuals and countries should pay for what they emit to the air. Logically, it sounds to a certain degree since it is fairly for one to be charged for want he or she negatively done to the air. However, practically it faces some difficulties to come true. First, there is lack of technology to track the emit of one person per day. Second, if we assume that in the future this kind of technology devices will be invented, the accessibility for each person to this kind of device will remain questionable. Lastly, if all the above prerequisites could be achieved, as more and more proportion of emotion coming from developing countries, it will be more and more difficult for them to afford the huge portion of charge due to their financial limitation. 

even though we did not reach agreement on every point, the sparking points made the conversation more considerable.
"
11/28/2017 18:54:42,"The conversation was lighthearted but also contained a few serious aspects where we discussed the impacts certain problems had on our daily lives and people around the world. The people in the discussion were friends, a few of us with interest in this particular subject manner. Talking with friends was helpful in having a productive conversation because all of us have some sort of background experience with climate change impacts through what we see within the media or just personal experiences. 

A few times it was serious when we had a couple disagreements in the discussions. But each topic we talked about with one another, we tried to find what we had in common and understand each person's perspective. The conversation was specifically interesting with how the stories given for a person related to the person's age. ","I think in order to make the app better, it should have been a bit more interactive with buttons to press that could connect to the questions. For example, there could have been buttons with questions that sparked thinking and helped bring up more points in the conversation.
I think the app was a bit bland in that sense because it practically just served as a toll to create questions in relation to the year a person was born. There was nothing really fun or exciting about the app so discussions were just trying to answer the question. ",,"When you change the number of topics per person at the bottom of the screen, the app brings you to a page that says Internal Server Error. ",,1721175,"The question ""Do you think it makes sense to give a river the same rights as a person? Is this different than giving a corporation the same rights as a person?"" sparked a great amount of conversation among us all because we started discussing a lot about people's rights as well as how the Earth is treated and so forth. The events that connected to the question also brought up questions if the Ganges river is actually protected and treated well but when we searched it up, the river looked filthy and not treated with respect. So in a way that answered part of the question, rivers and humans are different and although they should be respected rivers are to be used as resources but without littering them. 

Another question that sparked conversation was the one about the U.S. paying for previous carbon emissions. There were many ways to think of this question and the way I thought of it was if it ever got to the point where each country had to pay for the carbon they emitted harming the Earth, I don't think it makes sense to make people pay. Since the industrial revolution where fossil fuels came up, it was a learning process for humanity and something everyone began to do. And as we continue to grow as a species, we are still learning new ways to advance and releasing fossil fuels was one part of learning. "
11/28/2017 18:50:31,"While our conversation was took the line of serious topics, the atmosphere of the discussion was lightened by humorous remarks. It was enlightening and entertaining to listen to my family's and friends' thought on climate and environmental issues. A friend of mine, an Indian, gave his perspective on the issue of rivers' rights. How the Indians thought of their sacred Ganges river caught our attention and widened our horizon.
As we began to dive into how we could bounce back from some of the environmental damages done, some of the different ideas that we had were competing with one another. When an argument seemed competitive, the group took a vote to see how many people believed on either side.","I would not change anything big from the app. The app did well to show real life situations and to present intriguing questions that started discussions and arguments.
If anything could be improved, the users should be given the choice to which topic to view or not. For example, the app could present a menu that displays topics of different nature with each topics containing different issues and respective questions.",,No,,1730919,"One of the interesting event/question was ""Canadian citizens in British Columbia voted to charge people and companies for dumping carbon pollution into the air.""  If this policy was to be put into action worldwide, that would mean it would make Americans one of the most serious criminals in the world because of our loads of carbon emission. It was interesting because it was an issue of our quality of life and the blame for the current climate change.
Second event/question was ""What do you think would be harder to handle -- major flooding or a long drought?"" My friend, who lived in California, said, with current technology and methods, drought would be easier to handle than a flood, which could happen in matter of less than an hour. For example, water can be irrigated from different regions to support a drought ridden area, while there are only so many things that can be done in a flood."
11/28/2017 18:59:18,"The overall conversation went greater than I expected. I never had a conversation with my family regarding the issue of climate change when we all contributed or shared our thoughts. It was usually just me ranting about current climate situation or how our family isn't environmentally friendly enough. The conversation was pretty serious with the mix of humor.
Our family have a tendency to not bring up any serious or controversial topics both because we're not interested and we're not a very big fan of debates or arguments. However, the word ""conversation"" definitely made things easier for the members in our family to actually open up to start the conversation and applications like this is definitely helpful to avoid the awkwardness in the middle of the conversations since everything is done by the app.","I think it would be great if we could have a button to go back to the previous question. When we wanted to refer back to the old question, we couldn't do that and no one in our family had great memory. Also, the app could be more visually appealing. For example, having pictures related to the questions, have a map showing the location in the picture and such. 
It will be a lot of work but I think making the questions to be country specific might be really helpful for people like my parents to relate to. Depending on the records of the countries' experience, the types of questions might change so that the responders could have better knowledge and emotional attachments to their responses.",,Nope,,1767208,"The question ""Do winters feel different than they used to?"" sparked the most conversation for our family. I feel like the question was most relatable to my parents because they've had experienced the old climate compared to the current climate. Unlike me and my sister who couldn't really think back to remember how the old climate was like. 
My parents didn't speak much until this question popped up. They talked about how they've spent winter, how it was more intense than it is now, and they thought that the seasons in Korea have changed significantly as if there is no more spring and fall because they're too short. They seemed to have noticed a lot of changes on the seasonal characteristics. My sister and I definitely learned a lot about how it was like at our parents' times."
11/28/2017 19:00:12,"I was talking with family members, which allowed the conversation to be mostly light hearted. Some people in my family take climate change and politics more seriously than others, which affected the direction of the conversation. For example, my brother who is 16 doesn’t know much about climate change and we have never talked about it together before. He also doesn’t follow the politics of the issue, and I believe in some ways he minimizes it as a serious issue. On the other hand, my mom follows the issue of climate change more closely in terms of the political aspects and is more concerned with its relevance to society. 

Because of the differing knowledge and investments in the issue of climate change, different family members would shift the direction of the conversation. My brother would often take questions more lightheartedly, while my mom was really invested in expressing her opinions and taking the conversation seriously. 
","I noticed throughout the conversation that the people who are most knowledgeable and have the strongest opinions tend to dominate the conversation. Often the same person would answer first or give the longest answer for questions simply because they were more passionate about the issue. 

I think it would be more constructive to require each person to have a turn to answer first or just have more regulated responses. One of the good things about this app is that it allows people who wouldn't usually have these types of conversations to express themselves and learn from others. I think the app would be most effective at accomplishing this goal if it were to try to engage every participant in a more equal way. ",,No,,1730794,"One question that sparked the most conversation was the one that asked, if rivers can be treated as people is this different than corporations being treated like people. This got the people in the conversation to think a little deeper about the ethics of these regulations. Everyone in the conversation agreed that it was justifiable to classify the river with the same rights as a person because of its religious, cultural or economic significance. However, my family is generally progressive and democratic in terms of politics, so everyone also agreed that corporations should not be given the same rights as people.

This question forced the participants to justify their previously held beliefs and consider other opinions such as, if companies support the livelihood of people as these rivers do, shouldn't they be considered to have the same rights as a person? Ultimately, it led the conversation to the conclusion that populations protect and respect the environment less than they protect and respect their jobs and livelihood. Often it is hard to see the effects of harming ecosystems first hand and therefore rivers and other ecosystems are at greater risk of being damaged. Corporations are self-sufficient and don't need as much protection because they are more resilient as well. "
11/28/2017 19:05:40,I had a conversation with my family and friends about the impacts of ice melt on animals especially polar bears. Our conversation was pretty serious and we mostly talked about what would happen to polar bears if sea ice keeps melting,Including a topic list of general ideas on climate could sparked some discussions for the party to discuss about. This would make the discussion flow more smoothly as the group can pick a topic that they are interested and talked about it,,"When i inputed everyone's name into the app and clicked continue, there was an internal server error which occured",,1620149,We started off discussing about why the population of polar bears are decreasing  which led of to a serious debate about ice melt in the arctic ocean. This discussion was important to us because we wanted to be more aware about whats the changing climate is doing to the animal ecosystem
11/28/2017 19:18:25,"For my conversation I was talking with my younger brother and dad. I felt it was important to have a difference in generations, so we could gain input both from how me and my brother feel about the topic as teenagers, as well as my dad who has been exposed to different politicians, media sources and science surrounding the topic as he grew up. The conversation was focused, but lighthearted as my dad reflected and shared some funny stories regarding the perception of climate change when he was younger. 

I was glad I had this conversation with family members because I was free to share exactly what I felt with no reservations. If I were to have this conversation with people I was not as close with, I feel I would not be able to get into the same level of depth of conversation. I also believe that would be true for the others I had my conversation with. Conversely, it may be better to have these conversations with people you are not close with or do not know very well. The benefits of doing it with people you are not as close with would be that they could offer different perspective or have more experience in a field than people in your family. Regardless, the app provides thought provoking questions and encourages engagement on important topics.","I would make two changes if I were to improve conversation with the app. The first would be to add visuals. For example, on the question that deals with drought in California it would be beneficial to show changes in depth in reservoirs or annual precipitation. These would fully illustrate the magnitude of the issues we are facing and further highlight the importance in having these conversations.

The second change I would make would be to add some sort of concluding page for each question. This would provide a good closing point in the conversation as well as validate that there are multiple views on the issues. For example, if after a question there was a pro/con list, it would validate both sides of the argument as well as possibly provide more information on the topic. Right now, I feel that once people are done talking there is no wrapping up the conversation and all the good conversation that was had just fades away.",,N/A,,1730414,"One aspect of the app that I really enjoyed and helped facilitate discussion were those that asked about our experiences or family experiences. For example, the question in coal segment that helped add depth to the conversation was, ""Has a family member or someone you know worked in a coal mine?"" This question was good for improving the conversation because it connected the topics to someone's personal situation. Even if someone does not know an individual who worked in a coal mine, the follow up questions are able to put them in the situation of someone who does. This allows for more personal connection to the topic. 

The topic that drew the most engagement was that of charging corporations for dumping CO2 into the atmosphere. This is the topic that drew the most conversation which was a result of, I believe, generational differences. I felt that this was fair and would encourage individual corporations to assume responsibility for their share of emissions, but my Dad took the opposite view and argued that the negative economic results would outweigh the positives. I believe this was the fiercest conversation because my brother and I had not worked and felt the full burden of economic changes, whereas my Dad has. "
11/28/2017 19:37:24,"My conversation between my brother and sister went smoother than expected. At first, it was tough to find time where all of us were free, but then they made some time for me (roughly 30 mins) and went into depth of how we feel towards certain topics. While most of the discussions we had were fairly serious, we had fun with it as well. Here and there we would crack jokes, but a few times we also thought hypothetically and how the world would be different, if at all, if their current views were in place rather than how most of the world views a topic.

	There were some questions/scenarios that I couldn’t relate to, nor did I have much of an answer to other than ‘no’, but to hear the other side of the story broadened my perspective. Far too often, myself included, we stand so firmly in what we believe in that we don’t consider the other side of an argument. While having passion for a side is completely fine, we let this “passion” blind us in a way. This passion makes us one-sided and fail to be considerate of what others may believe/think, and I think that’s a flaw many of us carry along with us.","One way this app can improve is to provide both sides of a controversial question, as there may be people that don’t know what side to argue for due to the lack of knowledge in the topic. For example, I stumbled upon the question “Do you think it makes sense to give a river the same rights as a person? Is this different than giving a corporation the same rights as a person?” I actually ended up skipping the question and only my sister took a broad stance at it. They could perhaps add towards the question by offering a justification to agree and disagree on the question provided to help users get an idea of what the topic relates to.

	We make decisions based on information we know (or think we know) such as consequences and outcomes, but even if a group of people knew the same information, they wouldn't all make the same decision. Decisions are made based on personal preferences and values as well, therefore, having an idea or two provided for each side to jump start our brain/bounce ideas off of will help us come to support one side or another when it comes to an argumentative topic. Also, this will create less confusion on the topic at hand and help users get a better sense and understanding of costs and benefits affiliated.",,No,,1631211,"One of the discussions we had asked “Have you or anyone you know experienced a damaging storm?” While both my sister and I answered no to this question, my brother knew of a friend who lived in Korea and his home got hit by a 5.7 magnitude earthquake. While this number may not seem too severe, he still lost some precious belongings that have been handed down from his grandparents and his family took a hit in their crops that they’ve been growing for years.
	
	The conversation regarding this discussion mainly centered around what we, as citizens, could and should do to help those that are in a less fortunate situation than we are. My sister said “I believe that emotions and understanding of our feelings are important to each and every one of us daily” and I completely agree with that. Regardless of proximity or friendship or stature, we should be “feeling” for those that have been through unlucky scenarios with our actions instead of just having pity on them. If we were to donate/spread any form of love at least once a week, how much better off will the world be?

	In practical terms, one way that I could change my behavior to better help the needy would be to is to set up reminders on my computer. For example, when I'm on my laptop trying to online shop, I could place my place my wallet by me and turn on this ""self-control"" application on my laptop that would notify me to help a stranger somewhere in the world. Whenever my wallet is out on my desk, I feel tempted to spend money or at least shop online. In general, I should choose to place myself in an optimal environment where I can achieve my goals of helping or otherwise."
11/28/2017 19:52:13,I had one conversation with my family and one with my friends at school. My conversation with my family was very serious as my dad was very opinionated on the subject. With my friends it was pretty casual and we bounced ideas and discussion off each other.,Have more broad conversations that you can branch off of to have open ended discussion.,,"Yes, it would not let me go past a single round of questions, so I had to restart many times and converse with both my family and friends.",,1765564,I think the question that sparked the most conversation for both my family and my friends was the question about global average temperature and how it affects peoples' views of climate change. For my family it caused some argument of the effects of that temperature increase and with my friends it sparked conversation on how to better show how serious the issue is rather than say the earths average temperature is increasing by 0.9C.
11/28/2017 20:32:43,"When using this app I thought it would be interesting to hear what my friends had to say about the issue of global warming seeing as I feel very strongly, but I wanted to hear their views and opinions on the matter. It started out as a pretty lighthearted and interesting talk but pretty soon we realized we had some slightly different views, especially since we grew up in different place, and it became a more serious conversation. 

Two us are from the Seattle area and have grown up around this issue pretty much our whole lives and felt pretty strongly about things dealing with cutting emissions no matter the price. However, one of my other friends is from Spokane and she agreed with most of what we were saying but told us all about her own family and how they barley recycle or compost there and so, while she agrees in global warming, has a harder time agreeing to the different ways we might help. Lastly, one of my friends is from Idaho where they do no recycle at all and her family has almost no concept of going green and helping the environment. While she is more environmentally conscientious than them, she was raised in an environment where global warming was not an issue and this has become ingrained in a part of her. This meant while she agrees that global warming was real she couldn't quite get on board with a lot of the solutions presented in the questions. ","If I were to change this app I would make the questions a little more directed towards how people feel about things like the consensus among scientists on global warming, or if people believe that scientists are funded for saying these things, or about their thoughts on what global warming is and how big or small of an effect it has on our earth. While these questions were all very interesting and drew some great conversations out of us, I wanted to go even deeper into what they thought was true or false about the issue, and what they thought should be done to fix it or if they didn't believe there was a problem to be fixed. Many of these questions were able to lead into conversations such as these and it did give interesting history about the subjects being asked, but I wanted to go even deeper into global warming than just asking about what it would be like to live near a coal mine. 

The conversations were deep, and I did learn a lot so overall i thought this app asked many great questions. When I was going into this however, I was expecting more questions that directly asked people about their thoughts on global warming. This is not a bad thing at all, I just got the feeling that since I went into this game expecting these kinds of questions, others might open it and be slightly confused on some of the questions they asked, and even though they all relate to global warming, they don't get to the heart of the issue at all with these kinds of questions. ",,"The first few times I tried to enter my three friends names in it would say error, so I had to enter only one name at a time to get it to work. ",,1630361,"One interesting question that we came across talked about how Canada started charging for putting carbon and pollution into the air, and asked about if we should put a price on these emissions everywhere. Of course myself and my friend from Seattle agreed even though we knew how hard this would be and how high the price of this could get. My friends from Spokane and Idaho however thought in theory it was a good idea but could not wrap their minds around the idea of actually paying for that. They argued that they did want to reduce emissions, but they believed that there were better and cheaper ways of going about it. 

Another interesting question that really made us think was one asking about what it would be like to work in a coal mine since this has become a huge source of our emissions. This one took us all back and we got into a huge discussion about poverty and the harsh conditions that come with many of the pollutants being let into our environment. We also talked about how people living near these mines must have also been subject to the harsh air from being so close to this pollutant, and how it must have effected the level of wealth within the community. After talking deeply about this and realizing how lucky we are to be living where we do, we were unanimous in agreeing that it would be great to have more solar and wind powered machines to take over for these coal plants. 

Another extremely interesting topic we cam across was one regarding giving a river or sacred piece of environment the same legal rights as a human being. We discussed and could not come up with any super important places of our own in the environment that we would want to have the same rights as us, mostly due to our culture and the way we were raised. We were not taught to value these kinds of things as others were, and it was saddening in a way when we realized this because if we don't care about even one piece of land enough to give it the rights of people, would we care enough about the environment as a whole to stop global warming? After coming to this strange realization we came across the question asking us if it made sense to give the river these rights since we do the same kind of things for corporations. We all hesitantly agreed that the river should get these rights but for some reason we felt weird about agreeing that it should have these rights. We all knew this was good and very important to its ecosystems but it went against a lot of what we had been taught and so was a weird concept to understand. This one question led to one of the best conversations and really made us all think about how the way we are raised really effects our thinking and we don't always realize it. "
11/28/2017 20:33:13,"The conversations went fairly well. I talked with two of my closest sorority sisters - one from Northern California and the other from around Woodinville, WA. Since we are so close with each other, we felt free to express our opinions on certain topics and not have to worry about being criticized. The conversation definitely switched back between serious to more lighthearted because none of us are experts on really any of the topics. None of them have taken an atmospheric science class yet either so they didn't know a whole lot of scientific reasoning/evidence for the topics so the conversations were pretty surface level or based on our own personal experience. Overall, I would say it was a nice conversation to have and to see the opinions of my closest friends and the people I'm living with. 
","To create the kind of conversations we were having, I would change some of the questions that were asked. Some of them I think were too specific or too complex for people who have never taken an atmospheric science class before or have very little knowledge on the subject of climate change and global warming. One of the questions especially confused my friends; the one about capturing carbon pollution and storing it in the ground. My friends didn't really know what that was so there wasn't a whole lot to talk about on what that question was asking in specific. That whole process happened a couple of times (maybe 3-4) so maybe making the questions a little more general/about more common knowledge could help spur a little bit more conversation for everyone and not just those with knowledge in this topic. Some of the questions were also a little boring in a sense, as in there wasn't a whole lot to talk about with that question because it was pretty straight-forward with not a whole lot to elaborate on.",,"At a certain point in some of the topics, the game would exit out, go back to the page where people enter their names, and say their was an error and that no previous game progress was found.",,1676951,"The questions that sparked the most conversation were those about the droughts/flooding and the ones about carbon pollution. It wasn't necessarily the specific questions themselves that we focused on though. If we didn't really have a lot to talk about with that specific question, we would just talk about the general topic of the question like floods and droughts and our experiences in them. My sister from California has had a lot of experience with droughts, whereas my other sister and I have not since we are from Washington. My sisters also started talking more about car pollution and other sources of energy and pollution in general after one of the questions sparked other questions. I feel like the questions we were prompted with were good starting points but a lot of the times we strayed from that specific question to talk about more things we were interested in."
11/28/2017 20:37:20,"My conversations with my family, (mom, dad and brother) went really well. I was surprised by how informed they were on these topics. It was funny at times but also we got into some deeper conversations. There were sometimes when one person did not feel the same way but was open to listening to other ideas. 
I think this conversation was good to have and it should be more prevalent because it really was not “scary” or anything it was just talking and sharing information. The reason so many people do not understand what is going on with the climate right now is because we don’t like to talk about these things. However, I am glad this site helped foster those conversations which lead into conversations about other topics too.","I really thought the app had great information. Because my parents are very close in age and so are my brother and I some of the conversation starters got repeated but with that we would just elaborate more. I think this app did a good way of making people think about how we as a population are reacting to it and how we understand/or don’t understand what is going on in this world around us. We all agreed that there needs to be more facts presented to people to influence change and less facts spread to influence selfish things (votes, businesses, etc.)
I think it would have been fun at the beginning to ask quick questions that were like common misconceptions of climate change and what we know because it would help us to understand that persons knowledge and view point of the topic. However, I do appreciate the very non confrontational tone to this app and that it fosters a conversation and not an argument. I can see how that could be an argument starter depending on the people.",,"No glitches, just a repeated question here or there.",,1732813,"Paying for emissions  provoked the most conversation in my family. We talked about if companies or homes should have to pay for the emissions they’re outputting or if countries should pay for what they have already emitted. I can see where this would become heated with some people. However, in my situation we all kinda agreed that yes we have created this problem so we need to fix it or the thought that nobody will change anything unless they are impacted (monetarily, etc.) by it. 
Which then lead to the conversation about the world needing to come together to solve this problem and that if people actually knew the true facts (untouched by media, politicians, etc) then perhaps it would be easier to turn this around. We did agree though it is sad how many people are convinced by the skewed information (or lack there of) people have fed them. This was a really good conversation and my parents brought a lot of different perspective just from working in their jobs of how they have seen these changes attempted to being made but how complicated it is without everyone involved."
11/28/2017 20:39:00,"I actually decided to pull up the climate conversations application with my informatics group during our study break session and had a really calm conversation of the topics given. Because we have overlapping ideas and beliefs of these topics it went really smoothly but mostly light heartedly. It was very interesting to have a set of ideas and questions given to us as any topic that delves into our climate and earth can be a bit confusing as we do not know where to start, speaking in a casual setting sense. 

Overall it did feel like I was being very engaged with the topic of discussion but also being able to learn any new concepts is a plus in itself. The climate conversations app is beneficial in terms of thinking about such issues amongst others and having a clear space to talk with friends and family. ","The conversation is the coolest aspect here but I would much rather prefer knowing what it is. The interface could have the title and as we proceed to the name and birth year portion it didn't seem like a user would know what it is about overall. The discussion that came up about this app is that it could have a bit more extra detailing in terms of the climate conversation title and background info of why this even exists. 

Another thing to think about is during the questions, there could be a back arrow implemented, say if a user wants to go back to the previous discussion or point. Along with that, having a ""go back to menu"" option would be nice if someone would like to change the amount of topics or add another individual.",,We did the discussion twice while changing our birth years just to see what would happen and I did a test run afterwards on my own and noticed nothing odd or laggy within the application!,,1620994,"There were two questions that sparked my interest in specific, the first one involved the question of people everywhere paying to pollute the air. My group felt kind of weird about it in the sense of how would you exactly measure the emission of pollutants and put a price to it. And if so, why would it be so beneficial since everyone pollutes the air one way or another. This question actually led to a small debate of how this would take place but the ethics behind the idea.

Another question that peaked our interest is giving a body of water (river) the same rights as a human essentially. It went back to the idea that some have debated involving animals getting the same rights as humans. But in a sense we came to a strong consensus that it is right to do so if whatever ecosystem is benefitting the people but most importantly the wildlife that resides there. Without taking it seriously there would be serious issues that could arise. These two were really fun questions to think about as it correlated with our lives in a way. "
11/28/2017 21:34:37,"I talked with some of my cluster mates. Everyone took it relatively seriously, but there were a few jokes here and there (about Al Gore, etc.) When I asked the questions, many people gave thought provoking responses. For example, when asked about the Maori tribe in New Zealand and their relationship with their sacred river, many of my cluster mates found the court ruling to be kind of 'dumb'. However, one person brought up the point that maybe the tribe used the river for survival (food, water). After that, many people agreed that treating the river with the utmost respect is important.

Many people confessed to knowing very little about climate change. They said that it was hard to find a readable article on climate change that wasn't incredibly biased and therefore untrustworthy. They said that the information is definitely out there, but all the papers, articles, etc. about climate change that are trustworthy are written in 'scientific language' (language that the average person would not understand).

Overall, I thought the conversation went very well. There was just enough of a serious tone to have a legitimate discussion, but it wasn't too much where a person felt uncomfortable sharing his opinion.","I thought the app did a relatively good job fostering the kind of conversation that I wanted to have. I liked how the questions to the topics were posed in an order from more basic to more thought provoking. This really allowed people to 'warm-up' to the questions. The questions at the end of the topics were always open-ended and gave rise to some very interesting conversation.

As for things that I would change; the opening page when you first click the link (it has a depiction of a globe and the sentence ""let's talk climate change"" in a circle) is slightly confusing and I could see how someone not familiar with computers may be confused by where to click. Making that title page more seamless would improve the experience in my opinion. I think adding pictures to the topics and questions would make the experience feel less like you're taking a test. Something visual always spurs memory and ideas as well.",,"Yes. When I choose both a large number of people to play and a large number of topics per person, the arrow at the bottom takes me to a page that says ""Internal Server Error"". This problem is fixed when I either decrease the number of people or decrease the number of topics per person.",,1739082,"The question about whether floods or droughts are more devastating sparked a lot of discussion among the cluster. When asked, all of the cluster (except me) said that droughts are more destructive than floods. One of my cluster mates is from California and he said that there was definitely a noticeable change in the climate, parks, and general irritability of people during the long drought that just ended last year. He said that many places that experience drought regularly are major food producers (California, the Mediterranean). So this not only has a negative effect on the economy of the area, but also can cause life threatening conditions for the poor in the area. However, I claimed that floods were more devastating than droughts because you really cannot tell with sufficient warning time when a bad flood will occur. I live in New Jersey, about a mile from the coast, so I saw first-hand what a super-storm induced flood can do (Superstorm Sandy). My uncle's house resides around 200 yards from the ocean (but about 3 feet above sea level). So when the storm was over, the flood line in his house was up to 2 feet on his SECOND floor. Many people in the area lost their entire house and everything in it. It really was a scary time for that part of the country. For that reason, I think floods are more devastating that droughts.

A general fact that my cluster found astounding was that 2/3 of Washington state's electricity comes from hydro power. I told them that, while this is a form of renewable energy, it does heavily impact the ecosystems around the river - mainly migrating fish trying to swim upstream to spawn.

Generally, I found the questions just to be jumping off points for more in depth conversations about global warming and related problems."
11/28/2017 21:53:48,"At first, my friends were not really into playing this game, as they didn’t care much about what global warming or climate change. But I think at least they tried to answer the question after they thought for a while. In general, they share some concern toward environmental friendly method.
Since I attended ATMs class, I was explaining most questions and leading how conversations go. One of my friend’s attitude toward global warming is still unchanged, even after the game, as he claimed that nature itself had bigger effect on global warming.
","I think it is also important to put an official answer or opinion at the end of game, although this method seems killed the freedom of our thoughts. I would prefer such way, is because during the game time, endless discussion never came to an end. There was no right answer, but there should existed some a better trend, that would lead the conversation toward a direction, instead spreading out like firework, beautiful but lasting short.
My friends suggested to put some image as the background for each question. They said plain words can’t invoke emotional appealing. I agreed with them on this point, after all, eyeball catching is never a bad thing to try.
",,,,1565563,"“In California, large cities, the large agricultural industry, and hydropower dams all require lots of water. How would you determine who gets to use how much water during a drought?”
This question invoked our discussion, since three of my friends came from California. We’ve been talked about how public in California wasting water on insignificant events. For example, a teacher in elementary school, taught kids to use quarry water bottle as water gun and shooting water like if there was no water shortage. Following on that, we thought that it is better to set equal lines for any industry, institution, and individuals, avoiding them wasting water.
"
11/28/2017 22:05:46,"The conversation went well. I did it with my family, my mom, my brother and one of my friends. My mom was very interested in the conversation and the topic of climate change. It was lighthearted and everyone seemed to care about the issues at hand. At many points people in the conversation people were surprised and learned new things they haven't done before. 
",Easier to use app and more questions on on how to fix global warming in the future. Maybe more background information so people who don't understand the issue have a better understanding of what global warming is and what causes it. ,,Yes,,1726967,The should we charge the U.S. for past emissions was a conversation starter because there is no set in stone answer. There are points for both sides and it involves political and moral issues to consider. It is a difficult question to answer and it let to the question of responsibility of global warming and who is to take responsibility for it and more importantly how we can move forward in fixing the issue. 
11/28/2017 22:27:42,"I think that the conversation was taken seriously but not necessarily in a disrespectful way; I was able to talk about issues surrounding climate change both smoothly and respectively with my family members. I recalled three different circumstances where the responses to the questions didn't match between members of my group, but were discussed in a constructive way and elaborated on. 

My group members seemed to enjoy the app since the scenarios presented were very interesting and provided a different perspective for me and my group members. I think that they added some fun to a slightly more serious/controversial topic. ","I think that the app itself is already really helpful in allowing people to engage in talk about climate change and the issues surrounding the field. If I were to add anything to it, I would probably add some pictures alongside the scenarios/questions, just to even put pictures/images in people's minds while they read and think about the scenarios/questions. 

Another thing that may be helpful is bringing a ""gaming"" aspect to the app, where scores are kept. I find that when people feel like they're competing/in a competitive environment, they're given even more incentive/motivation to read something more carefully or think even harder about the questions they're being asked. ",,I did not experience any glitches. ,,1421131,"I think what sparked the most conversation is the topic of how it is that warming is ascertained to be due to human activity. Discussion of this was sparked by the scenario where an organization's perspective towards the cause of warming changed significantly from one time period to another. At the beginning of the discussion, my group members were not at all convinced that humans were the ones contributing to warming, especially given the fact that it occurred naturally over past decades. However, I was able to contribute my idea that warming is indeed caused by humans by sharing some of the information taught during lectures and making that relatable by connecting it to real-life scenarios. 

Overall, I think that the questions allowed my group to talk about not only the effect of human activity on climate but also plausible solutions to the issues surrounding climate change. Some things that we hit on were human carbon footprint, methane emissions, problems with deforestation, recycling, and geo-engineering. The app definitely sparked up discussion of things that I don't think I normally would've brought up with others. "
11/28/2017 23:17:21,"the conversation went smoothly and i was talking with three friends. One of my friends did not care about climate change and he thought no matter how the world changed, we still needed to continue our lives; one of my friends did not believe in climate change and he thought climate change was exaggerated by the scientists in order to get more concerns from the public; a friend and i believe that climate change was happening. 

Everyone shared their own opinions with details and i quite enjoyed discuss  topics like climate change with my friends because it let me think more and see one thing with wider aspects. Even though we may have different ideas on some questions, we did not interrupt others when they shared their opinions. Well, it was just a conversation, right? So, we all had fun and knew more about each other. ","i would change this app by adding some multiple choice questions in order to give people a wider aspect to think about the question. For example, the app can provide more data or news for us.",,"no, i didn't ",,1768419,"I think the most interesting question was ""Unlike a garbage dump, the air around us moves freely around the planet. Do you think people everywhere should pay to pollute the air?"" Obviously, the question was talking about the responsibility and it wanted us to think whether everyone should pay for the air pollution or not. 

When my friend who did not care about climate change heard about this question, he said he would not bear any responsibility for air pollution. He said he did not drive, smoke and he barely used public transport, such as bus, per day, so he thought he did not make the air's quality worse. And then a friend tell him farting would also pollute the air, so he actually polluted the air in some ways. 

After that, i told them that the one who contribute to the air pollution the most should pay the most. It would be more fair and people like us, normal citizens, did not need to pay for it as we actually did not pollute the air much when we compared with the big industry. If we still need to pay for it, then every organism in the world should ""pay"" for it in their own way as we all emit carbon dioxide when we were breathing."
11/28/2017 23:28:02,"I think it was very informative and gave us all motivation to take this issue more seriously than we do on a regular basis. I was talking to a few friends about it, all of whom are about my age (19), so it gave hope that our future would be bright since we will take more action. We all realized that global warming affects us more than we may have initially thought.",It would be nice if the app showed a good answer to the question (e.g. whether a flood or drought is worse - we actually weren't sure). That would ensure that we don't end the conversation talking about false information or assumptions that often halt any progress on fighting global warming. ,,"Yes, it didn't work for me on Google chrome.",,1630472,We talked a lot about the current administration's lack of willingness to fight global warming and the Paris Climate Accord because those are most relevant today. I also personally talked a lot about the things I've been learning in ATM S 111 and my friends learned a lot. This gave everyone a chance to learn more and I loved how everyone had constructive skepticism so the conversation was very productive. 
11/28/2017 23:34:26,"	I spoke with my parents, my little sister, and my grandmother. It was interesting to have a conversation with such a diverse group with large age differences.

 My parents gave more thoughtful, scientific answers to my questions and asked me challenging questions in return. My sister mostly said how she felt about something and I spent more time explaining things to her. My grandma mostly asked questions. ",I would make the app similar to a group chat app. ,,"No, I did not. ",,1522675,"One of the questions asked about what changed between the reports in 1990 and 2013 that meant that the IPCC were so much more certain that humans had been affecting the climate. My dad said that there was more certainty because there were better quality instruments used to measure CO2 emissions created over time. My mom said that there were more studies and measurements done because global warming awareness was being spread. 

Another question asked about how you feel about the idea that humans are having an impact on something as large as the climate system. My mom said that she feels like it seems so unlikely when you think about it, since humans are so small. But if there is a consensus of scientists that believe in climate change then humans must be the reason why the climate is changing. My dad said that since there are a lot of humans on earth, it seems like the total CO2 emissions emitted by each person and many factories would have a huge overall impact on climate. 
"
11/29/2017 0:06:50,It was calm and intellectual. I had a group of friends that gathered.,Maybe try some multiple choice answers.,,No.,,1760997,"The power source in Washington. We talked about the major power plants in Washington and how it produces power for the people in Washington, but also how it affects our environment. "
11/29/2017 0:26:32,"The conversations went great. The we had some fun with talking about the main power sources in Washington that creates electricity for millions of people . One person said the nuclear power plant, one said about the coal power plant, one talked about the hydroelectric dam. It was all fun and calm, but also very intellectual. We also talked about how each power source that provides electricity affects our environment. 

Another fun question we came across asked us what it would be like to work in a coal mine. Most of us agreed that working in a coal mine would suck and we would not do that. We mainly just came up with all the cons about working in a coal mine because we just think it's a crappy job. The people that played were a couple friends of mine. We had a group of friends that came together and just played.","I think a new approach with this app is to add multiple choice questions. I think this would add a new way of engaging in conversations. Maybe someone is not sure what to say and they can have a helping hand because the multiple choice gives them something to go off of. We had some people that didn't know how to answer the question and needed some help with answering them. I think it would be a great idea to have maybe a helping hand.

Another thing I think that should be added to this app is an actual answer section. Again using multiple choice answers, players could potentially earn points and win. I think people would try their very best to get the points and win the game. It could also be a good studying tool to use. ",,No I did not experience any glitches. It is a good app. ,,1760997,"The question that sparked the most conversation was the question about what are the power sources in Washington state and what affects it has on our environment. I think this is a very fun, and a very engaging question. There are many power sources in Washington. Many of us talked about the nonrenewable power sources such as the nuclear power plant and the coal plant. But we also talked about the renewable power sources such as the hydroelectric dams. What was interesting was how much could be said in this question. 

Many of us talked about the affects each of power sources have on our environment. Each power source having a very big impact on the environment. This question also sparked even more questions. One of the questions we came up with was what would happen if the state just switched to only renewable power sources such as more hydroelectric dams and wind turbines instead of using coal depend power plants or nuclear power plants."
11/29/2017 1:03:50,"I used this app during Thanksgiving with my family members.  It was a pretty serious discussion, but we all share generally the same stance on global warming and climate change, so it didn't get very heated.  However, the level to which we each view its severity differed, so that was interesting to see.  If I had done this with strangers of different backgrounds, or even gotten my conservative, republican cousin from the South to participate, I definitely think the conversation would've been more intense.

I think in general, people don't know a ton about climate change.  Because I am taking this class, I had semi-informed opinions about the questions, but for others, there was stuff in there that they were completely unfamiliar with, and thus couldn't really answer.  I think this demonstrates one of the main issues with global warming; there isn't enough public awareness.","Perhaps you could have categories for different topics that you could pick from instead of them showing up randomly.  Then, you could personalize the conversation depending on what you want to get out of it.  You could do one category for personal stories about climate change, one for thoughts about the current scientific findings, one for suggestions for future improvement, etc.  That way, you can ensure that you're having a conversation that everyone can contribute to.

Additionally, it might help if you gave a general explanation of the topic from a scientific standpoint.  I think this would help improve understanding and facilitate a deeper, more informed discussion.  Also, it would work to educate more people about climate change, which is always a good thing.",,"I don't know where it was supposed to take me at the end, but it took me back to the home screen and said something about there not being an existing game",,1639995,"The questions about personal experience definitely sparked the most conversation.  Although people may not know a lot about the science behind climate change, they can definitely recall personal experiences related to climate change from throughout their life.  I'm from LA, and while I was home for Thanksgiving, it was almost 90 degrees, so the first question asking if winters feel different definitely got the conversation going.  Questions like that definitely lighten the conversation, and make it more anecdotal and less about serious scientific matters.  It's also something everyone can contribute to rather than just being like ""I don't know.""

Another question that started an interesting conversation was the one about experiencing a volcano erupting.  My mom is from the Philippines, and was there when Mount Pinatubo erupted, and remembers it very vividly.  It's crazy because you hear about these natural disasters occurring, but you kind of brush it off because there's this ""that won't happen to me"" mindset, but one actually did happen to my mom.  She wasn't super close to the site, but she said that the whole country was experiencing effects from it."
11/29/2017 2:43:12,It was positive and educational for all of us. We all learned something new.,I would have some true or false questions to get all of our preconceived notions about climate change.,,Nope!,,1529202,The question about experiencing and preparing for heat sparked the most conversation. My parents grew up in Brazil and experienced heat waves themselves. They had neighbors get sick and they felt passionate about providing resources to help those affected by increased temperatures.
11/29/2017 10:06:48,The conversation was very casual. I was with mostly family and we all have very similar opinions about climate change and it’s effects.,I would do a yes/no portion of questions at the beginning and then use those answers to direct the conversation.,,"At the end of it, it cleared all my responses and sent me back to the beginning. I wasn’t sure if all the questions were done so we went through it again. Would consider putting a clear end to it.",,1736732,The questions that asked us our opinions on things because though we have similar opinions on climate change we weren’t all in agreeance on what we thought was having the most impact. Ex: human vs. natural causes
11/29/2017 10:15:35,"These conversations went very well. The tone of the conversation was very lighthearted and fun, however we all care about the environment so we were answering the questions seriously. The questions were able to spark some fun conversations and stories.

For answering all of the questions on this app, I was talking with family members. I got together with my brother, and my two cousins, and we are all around the same age range. My youngest cousin is 16, and my brother is the oldest who is 23. I think it would have been more interesting to have a variety of ages, so the app would share facts from different generations.","I would change the app to create the kind of conversation I want to have my asking more hypothetical questions. I really liked how it provided us with facts that related to our age, because we were able to talk about those facts as well as the questions provided.

But yes, the hypothetical questions definitely sparked the most interest in our group. I think that having more of those types of questions, related to the facts given, would help create more in depth conversations. Another type of question I think would have been interesting to answer would have been able possible solutions in the future. I believe this would have brought out a lot of creative ideas from me and my family members.",,"I did experience glitches with this app. The biggest problem that I had was after I input the names. When I tried to get the game to begin, it kept saying service error. I tried different browsers, and after several attempts I was finally able to get it loaded using Chrome.",,1760898,"The types of questions that sparked the most conversation were the hypothetical ones. For example, asking if it would be more difficult to deal with severe flooding vs. a long drought? This was a good topic because some of us had different opinions so we were able to express our ideas back and forth.
 
These conversations ended up having longer answers, and included all of us talking. It was a lot of fun, and we got more creative with our answers in talking out all of the hypothetical situations. Another example of a hypothetical question we talked about was ""what would it be like to work in a coal mine?"". This diverged the conversation many different ways, including references such as the Hunger Games."
11/29/2017 11:31:28,The conversation was very lighthearted and fun since it was with my teammates. They were not very educated on the topic so it wasn't a serious conversation.,"I changed this app into informing my teammates more about climate change and knowledge that I learned from taking this class, I shared with them. That knowledge opened their eyes to how big of an issue it is.",,There was a loading issue at the end.,,1774892,"""What is the largest team you have ever been a part of? What challenges did you face? "" These questions led us discussing what it is like being teammates and all of the obstacles we face together. As teammates, we all agreed that we have faced many obstacles throughout our time together. As high-level athletes, we have been pushed to our limits physically and mentally. For instance, last month, we were put to the test in a way we  have never been before. Our coaches put us through a two-day event called The Program. While much of it consisted of vigorous activities, it began to take a toll on us mentally. We had to overcome obstacle courses while completely exhausted, but with the help with one another, we all agreed that that was what got us through those 48 hours."
11/29/2017 11:41:39,This conversation went well. I chose to do use this app with my teammates. We all play on the University of Washington softball team which made discussing this issue comfortable. The conversation wasn't too serious. It was more so on the lighthearted side and fun. My teammates aren't well educated on this given topic so it led to a lot of joking around.,"I would change this app by adding in more questions that might draw in people who do not know much about the subject. Adding in information that would tell what is happening or could happen if we don't be proactive about what we do now. More specifically, my teammates were interested in the change in temperature and how it is affecting animals, and the anthropogenic contributions humans are making.",,I did experiece a glitch in the end of the app when I was trying to move to the next page it would not load. I was not sure if that was because it was the end of the questions or if there was an error for the page.,,1774892,"""What is the largest team you have ever been a part of? What challenges did you face?"" This question sparked our conversation because it related to all of us. Since we play on the same team, we agreed it's the largest team we have played on. As a team, we all agreed that we have faced many obstacles throughout our time together. As high-level athletes, we have been pushed to our limits physically and mentally. For instance, last month, we were put to the test in a way we  have never been before. Our coaches put us through a two-day event called The Program. While much of it consisted of vigorous activities, it began to take a toll on us mentally. We had to overcome obstacle courses while completely exhausted, but with the help with one another, we all agreed that that was what got us through those 48 hours."
11/29/2017 11:42:53,"My conversations went really well. I think because they were my friends I could talk to them very openly about my experiences and ask them about theirs. The conversations were very light but serious at times especially when talking about natural disasters. I think that if i talked to family members, I would've gotten more responses about their experiences because they are older and wiser. My friends and I were at the same level really reluctant of understanding global warming issues. But after this experience, we got to see the severity of the issue and reality of it. ","I thought that this app was pretty interesting. One thing I would change is to have more visuals or pictures. Some people might be visual learners so it assists them, but in general it helps with understanding the content. Another thing is to fix the bug of not working with more than 2 rounds per person. I tried for the first time and it didn't work. 
",,"Yes, when I asked for >2 rounds per person, it said error multiple of times.",,1621500,"I think that the majority of the topics were super entertaining. I liked that it provided a lot of background information so I could understand better. I thought the topic about the power plant in Germany to trap carbon pollution sparked the most conversation, this is because we were all curious as to where our power came from. We initially had a few guesses and started arguing. It was pretty intense. I also liked the more personal, opinion based questions especially about the hurricanes and if we've ever been in a hurricane. I haven't thought about these kind of topics, or even discussed them with someone in great detail, so it was a great opportunity to do that. "
11/29/2017 13:52:23,"I chose to have a conversation with my family for one of the rounds and I was actually pleasantly surprised by the way they were concerned about climate change and the way it affects us. When the app would use me as an example and say questions such as ""When Clara turned 10, Canadian citizens in British Columbia voted to charge people and companies for dumping carbon pollution into the air"" it placed my parents somewhere and it made them feel more connected to the problem rather than thinking climate change is happening but it doesn't affect them personally. 
The conversation was mostly lighthearted and fun but there were times where certain topics would come up that my parents didn't know about and they'd be concerned about why this information isn't better displayed for everyone to know about because they said everyone would be trying to help if they realized the severity of pollution and other climate change problems. My parents also don't speak English so whatever news they watch or read is in Spanish and they told me about how climate change issues are minimally presented or sometimes not talked about at all which is concerning because there are a lot of Spanish speaking people living in the United States who aren't being informed of climate change problems the way it deserves to be shared. 
","How I would change this app is I would make it have an option of choosing your topic if you wanted a specific one instead of having it randomly assigned to you. I also would create more topics since when I played I would get some of the same topics and questions that I've had before which is also why I would have a choose your topic option. Also I would try to make it more of a game with like bonus questions for extra points or something along those lines just to make it more fun and competitive.
Another way I would change this app is I would maybe have it get progressively harder like jeopardy just to keep people interested and have an option to choose a more difficult question if we wanted to. Just overall, more options but also keep the randomization so there's a nice mix of both choosing and not knowing what question is coming up next. Other than that, I enjoyed how it would involve the players and say that when they were this age a certain thing happened so it kind of placed us in a situation.",,,,1768070,"There was one question that asked if either major flooding or major drought would be harder to handle that we talked about for awhile because since we live in Washington, they believe that flooding is harder to handle since we experience more rain and we see the effects of flooding more often than a drought. After talking over that for awhile we discussed the major issues with a drought and how even though it doesn't affect us personally, it causes us to see the overall climate change problem on our earth as a whole. Extreme highs and lows are happening in our temperatures and even though it might not affect our state, it affects our planet.
Another question we discussed was being asked if winters feel different than they used to because the planet is 1.6 degrees F hotter than it was when our great great grandparents were alive. My parents said no because 1.6 degrees is barely anything and they said it still snows so it feels the same. I sort of agree with this but the fact is that it is warmer than it used to be even if it's not by a drastic amount it can still make a huge difference in our seasons. Even though we feel like its as cold as it's always been because we live in Washington, the overall temperature of our earth is changing."
11/29/2017 14:09:49,"I talked to family members in this discussion. In general, the conversation was serious and conversational. However, there were a few moments when we disagreed on certain issues related to global warming, leading to informal debate and expression of ideas and opinions. We talked about a variety of issues related to topics covered in class.",I would change the app to allow more customization of the discussion. I felt like sometimes the questions proposed in the app completely switched the focus of our discussion rather than continuing on a similar and related topic. ,,"Yes. At one point, the app closed out during our game and we had to restart.",,1576103,"The question about whether human activities are the primary contributor to global warming sparked the most conversation. Family members agreed that human-induced CO2 emissions do contribute to increases in temperature but some argued that there is uncertainty regarding how much humans have impacted global warming and how much natural variability and other factors have contributed as well. 
This question led us to discuss how the topic of global warming has become severely politicized. The consequence of politicizing global warming is that it leads to corruption because of the millions of dollars invested to sway public opinion on both sides of the issue. It also leads to skepticism. Although skepticism is not always bad, people have become skeptical of even the basic, widely accepted facts pertaining to global warming, further polarizing the issue. "
11/29/2017 14:14:17,"Our conversation was both lighthearted and serious. I did the game with  my dad, brother, and Aunt. My dad and brothers both are more conservative and uneducated on climate change in general, whereas my Aunt has a degree in science and is well versed on the matter. It wasn't as fun in general because the topic were rather controversial and my dad's views differ so heavily from me and my aunt's. My brother really made us laugh however when we were discussing whether rivers have the same rights as a person--he thought it was a really absurd question and couldn't seriously answer it. My dad was the same way. 

Each of my family members know each other really well, so we're aware of what exactly gets on each other's nerves. I found that had arisen in the conversation but on the other end we also made each other laugh in certain ways. My aunt in general really enlightened us because of her intelligence in subjects related to the atmosphere and topics we've learned in Dragon's global warming course as well. I was happy to be with her in California and talk with her about it!","Once players note that all of the questions have been discussed, maybe include a page that gathers info regarding each question and notifies players of the science behind certain instances or news stories attached that relate to the specific situation. It would be nice to get more background once the game is done and personal opinions/prior knowledge have already been expressed. I would have liked that a lot, because after the game was done our family looked up facts in regard to the Mississippi river flooding because we live closer to it in Minnesota. It would have directed us in the right direction in terms of where we can educate ourselves on this topic! 

Maybe include more questions that relate to opinions that completely disagree with climate change. It could force the people int he conversation to defend why they feel the way they do, and give the other members a chance to hear their side. I am still looking for more and more reasons as to why people do not believe climate change is real, and this game could provide an opportunity to educate the other side and provide information as to how it is untrue and can be refuted. There's a lot of potential for this game and adding those two elements could change it a lot!",,Not at all! It was really simple to use and didn't take a long time to load either or anything. Adding more to the game may make that more of a problem but I had no issues with it. ,,1668504,"The question about the Mississippi river flooding really sparked a lot of conversation. My dad is from Minnesota, and so I was raised living rather close to Saint Paul and where the river is located in the state. He remembered the flood happening and talked about how convenient it has been to have the river throughout Minnesota's history. It was awesome to have that insight! He's been living there for so long and so my brother and I were able to discuss living near a river rather than the ocean, which my aunt has lived near. It was a positive conversation and took us back to our family roots in an interesting way. 

Another question that sparked a lot of conversation was the one about whether each of us have noticed a warming in our lifetime. My aunt pointed out that general trends, due to carbon emissions, point toward the planet warming. My dad said he hadn't noticed warming and said that Minnesota had one of the coldest winters a couple of years ago. They really differed in opinions, and I would argue that it was the most controversial question because so many people don't understand how climate change works. Since my aunt understood the science behind it, she was able to successfully answer the question and my dad and brothers seemed upset that they were unable to refute her. Overall, the questions sparked a lot of good conversations amongst us. "
11/29/2017 15:04:51,"It was serious, but fun. I was talking with my immediate family members, and the conversation was respectful and interesting. Some people did not change their opinions on matters after discussion, but we all were able to answer honestly and not feel attacked. This might have been in part because the family I was with is all very close, but some opinions did differ a lot.
There was a couple instances where someone came in with an opinion or answer for the question, and was able to listen to another person and add their thoughts in. This was an example of talking about agriculture and who should get the most water; my mom thought that agriculture and dams should be continued in a drought to provide energy and food, but after listening to my brother say how much water food needs to be made and how that can be improved, my mom agreed that was something that could be reduced in order to save water there, by importing more. ","Some questions had too obvious of an answer. As in, the question set up the player for the answer by there being one choice that was moral. An example of this as asking what it would be like to work in a mine; Obviously the answer was that it would be horrible. The app did give a lot of thought provoking questions that we were able to have lengthy, productive discussions on.
In addition some questions weren't very intriguing, such as asking what the largest team is someone had been on and what problems they had. That question did get answers, but none of us were sure exactly what that question was trying to get us to realize or where it was supposed to lead. Some were dead end questions that had us all answer easily and quickly and then just move on.",,No,,1573911,"Talking about major floods and droughts was really interesting. There was no obvious answer and I could really see how my family member's experiences and when they grew up affected some of their opinions. My dad is from SoCal and was very open to switching our yards and parks to cacti, and was also sensitive to talking about drought. He talked about how he really thought rural communities needed to be thought of, and disagreed with my mom about saying that dams and agriculture should still be prioritized in a drought.
One question that really got us talking was wondering if people should be taxed to pollute the air. This really turned the age differences we had on each other; My brother and I both thought that was fair and a good way to encourage companies and people to think before they are wasteful. My parents both thought this was an unfair tax, and added on money that people often can't afford. This was interesting, and made me remember that they were both formerly Republicans, and my brother and I have always had liberal views. The questions were able to draw up differences but not in a way that drew a line between people of differing opinions."
11/29/2017 15:10:30,"For the most part my conversation was light-hearted and fun. I talked with my immediate family. Because we all know each other well, we did not have an issue answering the questions honestly. I think this allowed us to get pretty in depth on some of the questions and learn more about our personal experiences. I think it was interesting to see the difference between the knowledge we had of climate science. Even though we all have similar opinions about the existence and severity of climate change, the depth of our knowledge very a lot between members. Because we all had similar opinions, the conversation was mostly lighthearted-when we were not contemplating too much about the end of the world. 
It would have been interesting to have a conversation like this with people who did not share similar opinions about climate change. Because the questions are pretty neutral, it would be interesting to see the answers and then have a conversation about the politics and science of climate change. I have found that it is beneficial to talk to people you disagree with and I think completing this activity with someone I disagree with would help me see a different perspective and also solidify my beliefs.
","I really liked how the app was set up. In particular, I liked how the question was accompanied with a fun piece of information that was based on the years that the participants were born. I liked most of the questions, but some felt like they were avoiding the real issue. It was interesting to hear about my parents experiences with climate, pollution, environmental rights, ect. But I also think direct questions that are very specific to human caused climate change or at this point media representation, are critical to ask. I liked the question, “What do you think changed between the 1990 and 2013 reports that meant the IPCC were so much more certain that humans had been affecting the climate?” I think questions that avoid human caused climate change can be beneficial for opening a conversation but in the end, the “harder” questions about personal responsibility are the ones that are important to have conversations about. Sometimes, when the questions avoided human caused climate change explicitly, it can feel like the question is leading or manipulative. The problem I have with these kind of questions, as well as with climate science, is the relevance, urgency and ethical implications and obligations that are often time avoided when they are incredibly important when having actual meaningful conversations and inspiring change about such an important issue. ",,No. I really liked the concept and the set up. Clever and useful. I am very interested in science communication and activism. My e-mail is laurenconley.co@gmail.com,,1670384,"I really liked the questions that asked about personal experiences with climate change, such as “Do you remember a really hot summer?” It was really cool to hear about how a topic like climate change can become more intimate when questions like this are asked. I think this bring the climate topic much more close to home. It was really interesting to hear more about my parents experience with both pollution and climate change. In particular, my dad talked about how he knew a lot of kids where he was growing up with asthma. He wondered if that high occurrence might have had something to do with an air pollutant that was unknown at the time. My mom also talked about a really hot summer when she was in college. They didn’t have any air-conditioning in her house. She talked about how this really made an effect on how she felt, her ability to sleep and get work done. Talking about these personal experiences not only allowed me to learn a little bit more about my parents, but also made me think about climate change in a different light. It is interesting to hear their opinions. 
We also spent a fair amount of time worrying about what the future will hold. The places in the world that are already hot and without air conditioning, are only going to get hotter.  Unfortunately, a lot of these places are also places with low economic support for wide reaching treatment and resources. I think, in the end, our questions become, “are we morally obligated to help?” “why?” “how do we help?” “will anything we do actually make a difference?” I think all these questions are important to ponder. It is easy to become distraught when thinking about these questions but it is better to talk to people who are also inspired to make a positive impact. It can really renew your optimism. 
"
11/29/2017 15:20:26,"Climate change is a topic that hardly gets brought up during family dinners or get-togethers. In fact, before this assignment, I actually had no idea about any of my immediate family members’ views on climate change or how much they actually knew or cared about it. So, I was really curious to see how this conversation would play out and what I would learn from it.

         The conversation took place between my dad, my sister, my girlfriend, myself, and a bottle of wine. It was interesting to see how much our individual backgrounds such as our age, occupation, experiences, etc. influenced our opinions on each topic. At first, the conversation was lighthearted and humorous; we poked a lot of fun at my dad for knowing so little about basic science about climate change despite him being alive for 64 years. However, the conversation gradually became more serious and even got pretty intense as opposing opinions and disagreements emerged. Fortunately, everyone remembered to cool down, respect one another’s opinions, and to always keep an open mind. Overall, the conversation turned out very healthy and educational. We all learned something new and gained valuable insight into the discussion about climate change.   
","Although I really enjoyed this app and the important conversations it allowed me to have with my family members, I think there are still a couple of things it could do to improve. For instance, I encountered a question that asked me how winter has changed over the last few years. However, I’ve only ever experienced one winter season since I spent my whole life living in a tropical climate. Therefore, I wasn’t able to talk about this question with my group because they were in the same boat as me.

 I understand that the developers probably want to use topics that cover all aspects of climate change; however, if I were to change this app to create the kind of conversation I want to have, I would make the app more user specific. In addition to a person’s name and age, I would add where the person lives, how much they know about climate change, and what topics they might find interesting. Having a conversation about topics about climate change on a global scale as well as questions within the scope of the user’s world would be more impactful.

 Also, I think the app could benefit by adding more information to the topics and prompts. For instance, after having a conversation with my group on how they felt about storing carbon pollution underground it would be helpful if some other information about the real advantages and disadvantages of storing carbon pollution underground was provided after our group’s conversation. The questions in the app definitely fostered meaningful conversations about climate change; however, it would be helpful to also have accurate information or even opinions from previous app users available.",,Yes. Internal Server Error a few times,,1339604,"The questions that sparked the most conversation included: who should be liable for carbon pollution, the advantages and disadvantages of international agreements on greenhouse gas emissions, and the practicality of renewable energy sources. My sister, my girlfriend, and I shared similar concerns and values in our opinions. However, my dad’s beliefs were completely contradictory towards ours.

For example, we believe that people and companies should be charged to dump carbon pollution into the atmosphere. Ethically, if you are going to pollute the atmosphere then you should at least have to pay for it. Charging people and companies to produce carbon emissions could lower overall emission rates, and could persuade the development of renewable energy sources. On the other hand, my dad believes that people and companies shouldn’t be charged to pollute the air. According to him, if the large corporations responsible to produce most of the world’s commodities and food supply accrue additional manufacturing fees they will have to raise the prices of their products to make a profit. He believes that this inflation in living expenses could potentially lead to higher rates of unemployment, poverty, and food insecurity, especially in developing countries.

Considering that my sister, girlfriend, and I are all millennial college students and my Dad is a 64-year-old business owner, it isn’t surprising that there are deviations in our beliefs and values. To me it was simple, any restriction that could inhibit carbon emissions would be a good thing. However, my dad’s argument made sense and I never really thought of climate change from an economic or business viewpoint. Our conversation lead us to develop scenarios which could solve both of our issues. We thought about how if the Government paid companies not to pollute this could lower CO2 emissions, fund alternative energy research, and maintain a stable economy. In addition, we stressed the importance of developing efficient energy sources that eliminate GHG emissions to mitigate the effects of climate change and sustain life on earth. "
11/29/2017 16:05:14,"For this assignment, I was talking to family members over Thanksgiving break. The conversation was serious because both of my cousins are both very interested in the topic of climate change.  One studied Political Science at UCSD and is now a lawyer, while the other is a journalist who attended Columbia Journalism school and is now working at Forbes — subsequently, they take political issues like climate change very seriously.  In addition, my family members are from San Francisco and grew up very liberal.  The combination of these qualities ensured that I would have an interesting and in depth discussion on climate change, because I knew they would share similar political beliefs and possess enough knowledge about the topic to carry and be invested in the conversation. 

At one point in the conversation, when the topics of the drought in California and Hurricane Katrina relief were brought up, the conversation got extremely serious.  California is home for both of my cousins and Angel, the journalist, wrote articles on the numerous natural disasters (Northern California wildfires, Hurricanes in Texas and Puerto Rico, etc) that occurred in the United States in the past couple of months.  As a result, the topic felt more personal and my cousins could contribute even further to the conversations.  I believe personal connections are essential in keeping the conversation going and ensuring that we talk to our friends and families enough in general.","I would not change anything about the app, besides the usage of ages instead of years.  While I understand that the names and ages were stated to assign the topic to someone, I thought just putting the years would be less distracting and more straightforward.  

I would also change how every person gets different topics.  I think the topics should be connected together so we could all discuss different perspectives but on similar topics.  For example, for one round we should just talk about carbon emissions.  Every person gets questions on something related to carbon.  As a result, our discussions are more connected and we can get more in depth as the conversation continues.",,"Yes, when I tried entering four players an Internal Server Error kept popping up.  I was hoping to include my cousin Calvin, who could have contributed something different to the conversation. ",,1729682,"As previously mentioned, the topics of the California drought and Hurricane Katrina were the most interesting and sparked conversation about how the consequences of climate change affected millions of people personally — yet they do not recognize the direct effects.  Furthermore, we enjoyed the questions that surfaced within the topic of how the United Nations expect the Earth’s population to reach 10 billion in 2050.  My cousins really thought about how the population has increased significantly since they immigrated to San Francisco in the mid-90’s.  Since then, the population growth has obviously caused housing prices to skyrocket, which affect my cousins personally because they struggle to buy a house.  The discussion about population growth has also led to the gentrification of several areas in San Francisco, such as Mission District or Ocean Street.  As a result, clothing boutiques and restaurants are expensive in gentrified areas.  Pricing obviously affects my family’s lifestyle and impacts them personally.  

We also enjoyed discussing how beneficial an international agreement on climate change is when the topic of President Bus acknowledging the fact that greenhouse gas emissions are rising but his administration pulled out of an International Protocol to reduce global greenhouse gas emissions came up.  Discussing the advantages of it led to the topic of the Paris Climate accord, since it is the most recent example of a memorable international agreement.  We talked about how impressive it was for President Obama to forge an agreement for all nations to band together and slash global carbon emissions, and almost every country joined despite various cultural and economic differences.  Then, it led to the discussion of Trump withdrawing the country from the climate agreement, and Syria and Nicaragua signing the accord in recent months has led to the United States being left as the only country that as rejected the global pact.  As we further discussed Trump’s decisions, we dove into how his administration’s actions have affected the United States’ reputation.  Instead of being a world power that takes initiative and serves as a role model for other countries, especially those who may not be as economically privileged as we are, we now seem selfish.  In addition, we also enjoyed discussing why IPCC and Al Gore’s Nobel Peace Prize was not a Nobel prize in science.  We believe that climate change is a global issue that can affect everything and should not be limited to just science.  It has caused much destruction to the world already with droughts, famines, severe natural disasters, refugee crisis, etc.  To solve climate change would bring a great deal of peace. "
11/29/2017 16:30:49,"It began lighthearted, but became more serious as it went on. It took a second for the other players to realize the significance of global warming because I was playing with my grandparents and my father, and they often made jokes.",I would ask more long term questions effect so people can begin to focus on the repercussions of our treatment of the planet and notice how much we are affecting it.,,no,,1529143,"I like that the app asked questions about real past experiences, especially because I was with people from Southern California, so they were able to relate heavily to the questions about the recent drought."
11/29/2017 16:57:01,"The ClimateConversations app is a revolutionary piece in propagating the need to talk about climate change beyond schools and in the media. Armed with only the app, a paper, and pen, three of my closest friends chose a special quiet spot in our backyard to commence our discussion. Upon settling and exploring the app and crosschecking with the set of instructions, we begin our discussion. It is easy to coordinate since the app gives relative guidelines on how to go about the discussion. It turns out the flow of discussion is much easier and better than earlier anticipated. It is very impressive how my friends air their views on every subject of discussion and, what is more impressive, how we react to everyone’s opinion. Occasionally, we will all side and agree to an opinion raised by one of us and as anticipated, in most times we will all have different opinions on a single subject. We will streamline our thought and ideas to end up on a common ground. All this being in mind, the key of the discussion is to learn together but not change anyone’s opinion. Generally, the discussion turned out very educating. We were all marveled by the extensive information there was to gain on climate change. The conversation took few twists and turns, from being extra serious at times to total humorous moments. The discussion was effectively moderated and since it was between friends, it turned out fun.","The ClimateConversation app is a well-thought-of, designed, and efficient app. How it involves the user into creating useful discussions with other people is highly remarkable. The app takes personal data provided by the users to make discussions more interesting. The app provides facts on the field of climate change and imposes multiple questions for discussion. In a bid to get my desired kind of conversation, I would create a platform from which a user would be free to choose a particular topic for discussion. An example would be a platform with multiple discussion topics on Pollution, Energy, Greenhouse gases, Population and climate change. From these, a user would be free to begin conversation on their desired topic. This would maximize input into these discussions and hence, maximize output on the same. Further, I would incorporate a segment with simple questions derived from the information provided on each topic. This would make users a bit more serious with scrutinizing these topics. For the sake of fun and general knowledge, users would be provided with a trivia to answer amongst themselves. This not only brings out fun but clearly makes the app more knowledgeable. ",,"During the entire discussion time, there were barely and glitches noticed despite having the app in its development stages.  In conclusion, this app brings in new understanding about the study of climate change. It is a classroom beyond the four walls of our class and it should be an essential tool to everyone, not just students. ",,1772112,"Unexpectedly, all the questions actually sparked great discussions. However, some brought in some heated discussion over others. The question on how it would feel to work in a coal mine and whether we knew anyone who had worked in a coal mine lingered around for some while. We extensively explored the impact of coal mining to the environment and workers. Turns out, beyond destroying the earth’s landscape and tarnish animals’ habitats, coal mining is a leading water and air pollutant. Air released from coal-power plants contains nitrogen oxides, sulfur oxides. The particulate matter which one released into the atmosphere combines with water to form acid rain. The gases and heavy metals released too cause smog, and these toxins are responsible for respiratory, cardiovascular, and cerebrovascular diseases. Coal effluents have been shown to cause stroke in some cases. We all agreed that the world should shift from coal power plants to cleaner energy like solar and wind power to minimize coal effects.
The topic on human population was outstandingly interesting. This is a result of UN’s statistics which estimate that population will soar to 10 million. From our discussion, we concluded that the higher the rate of population growth, the faster the rate of climate change. This is highly attributed by the fact that people will tear down the natural environment to make room for the expanding population. Further, with an increased population, production of goods increases to meet their demand subsequently heightening the pollution rates. With no natural environment to slow the effects of pollution, people will only be living on a ticking time bomb. This event will affect every individual as we will all crave for unpolluted air and water. 
The only sure way to curb this menace will be to rethink our ways of living. We came up with few ideas: investing into clean and renewable energy as wind and solar power, rather than dump carbon into the air. Carbon should be trapped and stored like in Germany and generally come up with mitigations to reduce global greenhouse gas pollution. "
11/29/2017 16:57:57,I had a conversation with my parents.  With my mom the conversation was more lighthearted and humorous.  With my dad it tended to be more based on data and facts rather than personal experiences. ,"The questions do a good job of facilitating a personal investment in the consequences of climate change but I wonder if sharing more information about the current studies, political movements, or good resources may help build understanding as it seems a lot of people are confused by all the contradictory information they hear.",,I used the website so I experienced no issues with the app.,,1434782,"The questions that asked for memories or experiences seemed to elicit more of a response from my parents.  While the conversation may not have been as centered on factual debates, it did provide some insight on how the climate has changed and how the older generation may understand this change."
11/29/2017 16:59:01,"The ClimateConversations app is a revolutionary piece in propagating the need to talk about climate change beyond schools and in the media. Armed with only the app, a paper, and pen, three of my closest friends chose a special quiet spot in our backyard to commence our discussion. Upon settling and exploring the app and crosschecking with the set of instructions, we begin our discussion. It is easy to coordinate since the app gives relative guidelines on how to go about the discussion. It turns out the flow of discussion is much easier and better than earlier anticipated. It is very impressive how my friends air their views on every subject of discussion and, what is more impressive, how we react to everyone’s opinion. Occasionally, we will all side and agree to an opinion raised by one of us and as anticipated, in most times we will all have different opinions on a single subject. We will streamline our thought and ideas to end up on a common ground. All this being in mind, the key of the discussion is to learn together but not change anyone’s opinion. Generally, the discussion turned out very educating. We were all marveled by the extensive information there was to gain on climate change. The conversation took few twists and turns, from being extra serious at times to total humorous moments. The discussion was effectively moderated and since it was between friends, it turned out fun.","The ClimateConversation app is a well-thought-of, designed, and efficient app. How it involves the user into creating useful discussions with other people is highly remarkable. The app takes personal data provided by the users to make discussions more interesting. The app provides facts on the field of climate change and imposes multiple questions for discussion. In a bid to get my desired kind of conversation, I would create a platform from which a user would be free to choose a particular topic for discussion. An example would be a platform with multiple discussion topics on Pollution, Energy, Greenhouse gases, Population and climate change. From these, a user would be free to begin conversation on their desired topic. This would maximize input into these discussions and hence, maximize output on the same. Further, I would incorporate a segment with simple questions derived from the information provided on each topic. This would make users a bit more serious with scrutinizing these topics. For the sake of fun and general knowledge, users would be provided with a trivia to answer amongst themselves. This not only brings out fun but clearly makes the app more knowledgeable. ",,"During the entire discussion time, there were barely and glitches noticed despite having the app in its development stages.  In conclusion, this app brings in new understanding about the study of climate change. It is a classroom beyond the four walls of our class and it should be an essential tool to everyone, not just students. ",,1772112,"Unexpectedly, all the questions actually sparked great discussions. However, some brought in some heated discussion over others. The question on how it would feel to work in a coal mine and whether we knew anyone who had worked in a coal mine lingered around for some while. We extensively explored the impact of coal mining to the environment and workers. Turns out, beyond destroying the earth’s landscape and tarnish animals’ habitats, coal mining is a leading water and air pollutant. Air released from coal-power plants contains nitrogen oxides, sulfur oxides. The particulate matter which one released into the atmosphere combines with water to form acid rain. The gases and heavy metals released too cause smog, and these toxins are responsible for respiratory, cardiovascular, and cerebrovascular diseases. Coal effluents have been shown to cause stroke in some cases. We all agreed that the world should shift from coal power plants to cleaner energy like solar and wind power to minimize coal effects.
The topic on human population was outstandingly interesting. This is a result of UN’s statistics which estimate that population will soar to 10 million. From our discussion, we concluded that the higher the rate of population growth, the faster the rate of climate change. This is highly attributed by the fact that people will tear down the natural environment to make room for the expanding population. Further, with an increased population, production of goods increases to meet their demand subsequently heightening the pollution rates. With no natural environment to slow the effects of pollution, people will only be living on a ticking time bomb. This event will affect every individual as we will all crave for unpolluted air and water. 
The only sure way to curb this menace will be to rethink our ways of living. We came up with few ideas: investing into clean and renewable energy as wind and solar power, rather than dump carbon into the air. Carbon should be trapped and stored like in Germany and generally come up with mitigations to reduce global greenhouse gas pollution. "
11/29/2017 17:18:26,"The conversation was with friends and family members because of this, the conversation was quite lighthearted. People were open to others ideas. I found that my friends all had similar views, probably due to our ages. With my parents, they were excited to learn about what I have gained from my classes so they were eager to listen to what I had to say. Most of their impact came from adding stories from their childhoods. It was interesting to hear how the media has changed their perspective over time. 
In general, it wasn't particularly humorous or fun because we are all quite concerned about the future of the planet. It is important to have overarching, large, general principle changes with a majority of nations on board and supportive of the overall goals. Collectively, we understood that any possible change would require the complete devotion of every nation involved. ","The app didn't necessarily provide for open conversation. It felt a bit like a list of questions instead of a true, natural conversation. Allowed for me hear other people's perspectives which was interesting. The conversations had an interesting perspective because of the perspectives brought on by my parents. ",,Nope ,,1371018,"Conversations involving the Ozone were quite popular. I think this was largely due to the fact that my parents heard about it while they were growing up. But it is also an important issue right now. Both my parents and friends had an investment in this topic. They had an idea about what was going on and how to move forward.
I enjoyed being able to add insight from lectures during this class. Adding the scientific elements to the conversation, helped to make the conversation stimulating while people were able to add their own personal stories. The conversation had both scientific and emotional elements making the conversation last. The two age groups meant that the younger people could give insight into the scientific perspective while the older adults could add personal touches. I think it was this balance and investment that made the conversation last and made it interesting for both sides. "
11/29/2017 17:25:00,"It was actually a mix of fun and serious type of conversation. There were times when it was fun because of the situation cannot happen where we live, like severe flooding, in the northern part of India quite far from rivers. But it got quite serious when you think about the long periods of draught, as the results are already showing as my family talked about their experience. 

Like, for farming in the past, in Northern India, you could bore water for irrigation around 40-50 ft in 1980s, but now you have to put 180 ft long pipes just to get the water out in some places. For the whole conversation, I was talking with my family. ","I think the adding pictures or Gifs with each question adds more impact. So, it would be a good motivator for a serious conversation if you have friends that don't take it seriously.

Also, after each question you can add some general solutions that might apply to a problem for a region. And you can ask where the person lives or which regions their hometown belongs to.",,I didn't experience any glitches.,,1673438,"The long periods of draught question definitely sparked the most conversation, as my hometown is located in Norther India, and main occupation of my community there is farming, and not just any, but mainly Rice farming which requires so much water to grow. So, if we have long periods of draughts then most of India will be impacted as our State produces the highest yields of Rice and wheat.

And it doesn't just finish there. Recently due to lack of crop yield and high debts, many farmers sadly choose to suicide. So, I can't imagine what will happen when there is even a short period of draught, as most people won't be able to find any source of income."
11/29/2017 17:40:59,"I had my conversation with a group of my high school friends.  It was definitely more lighthearted than contentious, though I think we still were able to have a discussion that included some semblance of seriousness.  After all, this is the future of the planet we’re talking about.  An example of keeping the conversation serious was our discussion of whether winters feel different.  I grew up on an island that is barely above sea level off of Oakland that is in serious danger if/when the sea level rises.   This would mean the possibility of all of my friends and their families having to leave our hometown.  This topic came up in our discussion because the winters in the Bay Area do feel different.  Now, it has never exactly been cold in the winter there, but it is definitely getting warmer.  If I’m recalling correctly we had days approaching 70 degrees Fahrenheit while I was home for break last year. Anyways, the fact that this came up was kind of sad and put a bit of a damper on the mood for a while, but it was an all-around good time and great, productive discussion. ","At least in our experience, the app created some great jumping off points to get into deeper conversations about our relationship with the environment and the planet.  My friend Jason had a question come up that had to do with our power and where it comes from.  It made us all realize that none of us had any idea where our electricity comes from or even where our water comes from.

I think for a group of scientists or other people more familiar with the science behind climate change, this might not be the best app.  They likely have thought a lot about all the questions that the program gave us.  But for the average American, I think this app would serve as a great way to get people to think more about how they interact with the planet every day.  Like I said above, I doubt a lot of people really know where their power comes from or where their water comes from.  Understanding how and why they get these things is a great way to get people to start thinking about what they might be able to do differently.  
",,We couldn’t have more than one round of topics without an error message showing up. It was an easy enough fix to just retype everyone’s names two more times.,,1563524,"I had a question that asked whether a flood or a drought would be worse to handle long term. We had a pretty good conversation weighing the more dangerous aspects of each.  I said a long drought would be worse because the need for water is so important for humans and most of us don’t know how to survive for long periods without regular access to water.  My friend Josh thought a flood would be worse long term and brought up the destruction from the floods related to the hurricanes this year.  Farms, houses, and much more were destroyed by the water, creating a situation that warrants a costly rebuild. While we did not come to a consensus, I think everyone was able to better realize that either disaster would be very bad for the state long term.  

Another topic that sparked an interesting debate was about coal.  My friends and I are from a place that is nowhere near coal mines and coal production.  The only experience any of us had ever had with coal was going on a field trip in elementary school to an old coal mine about an hour from our town that has been out of production for over 100 years.  So, when tasked with the topic of coal, we didn’t have a lot of understanding about the everyday life of a coal miner.  Coal mining was a platform that our current president ran on.  And it is a way of life for many families in other parts of the country.  We talked about how some of our issues today may stem from the fact that people on the coasts don’t understand or appreciate enough what these working conditions are like, and what the shift from coal to solar or wind power may do to these families. 
"
11/29/2017 17:51:13,"I chose to talk with y family members. The conversation was a little fun and serious at the same time. It was fun because we pointed out how each one of us could make better choices regarding global warming. Also, it was serious because the town where I am from does not really stress recycling and ways to make the planet greener, so it was great getting to explain to my family members  the way one can start practicing recycling on their own. This I believe is something very important and something I would bring to the attention of my city hall. I believe it wouldn't have been as fun of a conversation if I would have done this with acquaintances, because in a family you get a sense of everyone and can therefore add personal experiences making the conversation more deep.","Personally,  I would just add more main topics and questions that an individual can answer to let one know of their understanding and personal experience to such a topic. In other words, using the questions that fall under the main topic to start a conversation that way within the groups each individual gets an input into the main topic of conversation.",,No I did not experience any glitches with the app.,,1566880,"The events that really sparked the most conversation were those about recycling since like I stated before is not something common in my home town, which also took me some time to figure out that not all the stuff an individual throws in the trash is just trash, and I learned this thanks to the UW. I let my family members know that recycling is very important and one should seriously start the practice on their own.
Another event that sparked the most conversation was transport and the amount of pollutants in the air from such means of transport. In other words, most of my family members stated that it was necessary for them to drive their vehicles to get from place to place because living in a small town an individual has to travel a distance to go grocery shopping or anything else to a city. The only advice I gave was that if they don't need to go to the city and are just in town they can switch the vehicle for a walk to the local market or anywhere else in town since everything is so close. It was fun letting my family members know of the different options available. That is until they all ganged up on me thanks to my older brother, who decided to inform the rest of the family that I had probably contributed the most to atmospheric pollution out of everyone because I had traveled in plane (I had nothing else to say but it was fun).

"
11/29/2017 18:10:56,"There was a lot of variability in our conversation depending on the topics that we talked about. It was mostly pretty light-hearted except for some topics. For example our first topic, which talked about hurricane Katrina, we were more serious. For the most part though, it was a light-hearted and fun conversation because all of us are on pretty much on the same page with climate change. We are friends who work together and just talked through it on shift. 

Sometimes for some questions I surprised them with some facts we learned in class. When we were talking about sea level rise I told them that the Louisiana coast is losing a football field of land an hour. This was an alarming fact to me when I learned it in class so I expected them to be surprised. Other times the conversation was fun when we thought about past summers and winters we’ve had and told stories about them. 

There were some topics that just didn’t foster much conversation. There was one topic about rivers that we more or less just glazed over because it didn’t really interest us as much.
","I think the app is good mostly in creating conversations about climate change. Our group talked for a good half hour to hour about it and I think one of my friends actually learned a thing or two from the conversation. I think there should be a few slides in the app that can show what each person can do to make a pretty easy impact on the environment, like changing your lightbulbs.

If you are looking for more features to add to the app, I would consider adding some photos, videos, or charts that can exemplify the topics that are given. It was a good conversation starter with just texts but I think to take the app to the next level some photos or videos would be good. In addition I think throwing in a few fun or alarming facts would raise the interest level of the conversation. For example I think the Louisiana football field fact is a really interesting one to have.
",,"Yes, when I tried to open the app the first time it gave me an ""internal error"". I might have only selected 1 topic per person and that might be the reason it didn't work. I refreshed the page and pressed 3 topics per person and it worked ",,1370827,"One topic we talked a bit about was Hurricanes. We talked about how relevant and how much damage two recent hurricanes, Harvey and Irma, did just this past year. Hurricanes have been a really hot topic this year, and we also felt like maybe hurricanes now got a lot more exposure/attention this time around since the internet is huge now. In addition we were relatively young and did not get huge exposure to Hurricane Katrina, and it was far away from us so we didn’t really care as much. We talked about how JJ Watt from the Houston Texans raised an insane amount of money just through his twitter, pretty much. Lastly we talked about how Puerto Rico continues to need help and power but the US won’t provide helpful aid. 

Another cool topic we talked started with the California Drought. All of us are from Washington so we don’t know what it is like to live in the drought. But we understood that it must have been tough for everyone living there and even tougher for the California government, who has to decide where the low amount of water they already have should go. We said that a lot of it must go to agriculture since they cannot afford to not have food. This later led to a discussion, or appreciation, of the plentiful and clean water we are so lucky to have here in Washington. I told them that we learned in class that we might have less water going into the future, they said “well that sucks.” 

My friend Diego did not really know the exact science of climate change, and he’s never taken a class. I gave him a brief explanation of it when the question of storing carbon in the ground came up. He thought it was a cool idea and we all said that if it’s possible and doesn’t result in some sort of build up underground that will come back and bite us in the neck, then yes it’s a good idea. 

"
11/29/2017 18:17:25,"Lighthearted with some questions, but the overall tone was serious and intelligent. I was talking to friends/teammates.","More relevant stories. Many people cant connect with incidents that happened several years ago (unfortunately). Also, the aesthetic of the app is a bit too ""rough draft"". ",,"Yes. Signing up the players took several times because it kept restarting. At the end, the game did not end it simply went back to ""players"" page and said ""no game found."" ",,1566583,"Questions regarding effects of climate change that have happened in recent years. Also, questions that surrounded peoples home towns."
11/29/2017 18:28:31,The conversation was pretty forced the whole time just because not many families would be talking about global warming on Thanksgiving. So that made it more serious at the beggining. But once we got through like 5 questions everyone started getting more light-hearted. I was talking with my family. It got better people knew that we were close to the end.,Not have so many of the questions be about the same topic in a row. I know that they do that so that they can build on one another but that just makes it so everyone gets bored when you get onto the 3rd question about the same premise. They should have bounced around and came back just so that you wouldn't feel like you were scraping at the bottom of the barrel to come up with conversation. ,,If I chose to do anything more than 5 questions the site would say that it doesn't exist. ,,1628895,"The Mt. St. Helens question was one of the ones that got the most responses out of my family. Because my uncle, aunt, grandma, and grandpa all remembered that happening. I talked too, because I remembered when the earthquake in (around 02) happened I was in Tacoma and my mom ran with me downstairs but it was done in like 15 seconds. It was weird because I should have been freaked out but it was so weird I couldn't process what was happening was bad."
11/29/2017 18:48:59,"The conversation was fairly relaxed. Each of my friends all had fairly similar views on the topics, so we would often come to agreements for each question. The most lighthearted conversation was probably in response to the question: ""how would you feel about planting cacti in your garden?"" My friends thought it was a slightly random question, but we all agreed that if it was beneficial enough, we would do it. A conversation that was slightly more serious was about a later question: ""how would you determine who gets to use how much water during a drought?"" This was a bit more complicated to answer because it is hard to find a solution that pleases everyone. ","Although this is not a major change, I think that having a more visually appealing background (such as images of scenery or landscapes) could possibly improve the game, rather than just having a blue screen. Another idea could be to have options of different topics to choose from, so people could have more specific conversations. Possible topics could be about climate change in different areas of the world, effects on poverty stricken areas, effects on the PNW as a whole, etc.",,"No, everything went smoothly",,1732289,"The question about having either a long drought or major flooding sparked the most conversation because we started to think about different areas of the world and how each would be affected. We did agree; however, that having a long drought would be harder because of the extreme depletion of major resources. Personally, I began to think of Indonesia, and how during el nino, the drought has severe impacts because the islands are more used to large amounts of rain. As a whole, we felt that the impacts of a drought are quite severe and long lasting; creating major problems for large communities of people."
11/29/2017 19:55:31,"   It was fun to have a time discussing about global warming issues with my friends. All the questions were not very hard to answer that it was easy to discuss. I liked how the questions relate us to major climate change events that was occurred. For each question we tried to go around in circle to discuss. Sometimes like the questions on Katrina or other climate change events that led many people's deaths, we discussed quite seriously. I think most of time, we tried to figure out difference between the Nobel prize and the peace prize. 
   Also it was fun to discuss about how we felt about today's winter temperature. We all said that especially this year's winter seems little warmer than the last year. Talking and imagining about working in a coal mine was also fun and we discussed in a slightly lighter tones. Thinking about renewal energy reminded me once again to be careful in using and saving energy. Overall, it was fun to discuss these questions as the questions were very relatable to our lives.   ","   I think creating categories in each climate change topic would be one of the changes I would do to make this app be more interesting. By doing so I believe that players can pick and choose the topics that are most attractive to them. This would likely to increase quality of players' discussion as they would talk out with their friends about the topic that they thought it be the most interesting one.
Also I think making something like a mini-quiz game that the players can actually get individual or the team points would be also interesting. 
   I would also like to suggest putting some images in the app so that the app would be more visual. Also watching a video and discussing about the issues found in the video would be interesting because players can actually see the actual harms or the damages taken from climate change events that they can discuss in-depth. I would also want to discuss about polar and Antarctic's extreme in climate change as I believe it is a pretty serious topic that we need to know and discuss. ",,"For me, there was no survey showing up at the end of the game as it went back to the main page.",,1561056,"   Storm and hurricane questions that asked about if we had any in our experiences. We said yes and discussed quite a long time. I had experienced a really huge and strong typhoon in my middle school year in Korea. Trees in big and small sizes fell down, damaged cars that was parked near those tress, blocked the roads and hindered public transportation systems. It was a huge climatic events in Korea that largely impacted people. Because the typhoon brought a large amount of precipitation, houses located on the lower areas suffered water damages.
    These questions led us to discuss further about our personal experiences with climatic events and allowed us to remind ourselves again how climate change is really happening and the consequences can be destructive. We also said Katrina impacted largely to people in U.S. and brought such devastating consequences. We also talked and agreed that we need to make a change now in order to reduce any possible harms from climate change events in the future.   "
11/29/2017 20:46:22,"My conversation took place after Thanksgiving, with my boyfriend, mother, and family friends. It was actually very fascinating to hear everyone's responses to current and past issues on our environment on a common ground. My mother is very passionate about saving our atmosphere and being informed in climate change/global warming, and my friends were a lot less informed. 

Usually my mom informs me on what she hears on the news in a condescending way, assuming that I do not know much about it. But with this app, we were all on a common ground and I was able to speak to my thoughts in a calm manner. I realized that because I never really talk about these issues to my boyfriend and friends, they were a lot less informed than I was, and I think I owe a lot of that to this class. The way the questions were set up informed you on the topic, then asked you questions you were able to relate to, which I think all of us really enjoyed. 

","I would make the app a bit more interactive. I would pose questions, then after a conversation was had, I would have the app follow up with popular answers and scientific backups to different answers and opinions. Another thing I would have done, was that many adults are age sensitive and the app posed a lot of age based questions and that made the adults a bit distracted and go off topic, joking about their age. Maybe the app was meant to do this to create humor, but I think it took away from the all seriousness of the app. ",,"Yes! I found that the app would not let me select 3 rounds of topics, so we had to go back and reenter 3 times.",,950953,"There was a question that asked us if we thought it made sense to give a river the same rights as a person, and whether or not it was different than giving a corporation the same rights as a person. All of us had never thought about it this way, and this sparked a bit of an argument between all of us, against my boyfriend. 

For my mom, friends and I, we all agreed that we had never thought about it this way, and when it came to comparing a river with a person, it was a little too far of a stretch, but then comparing a corporation to a person, then relating it to a river, it made a lot of sense. My boyfriend, on the other hand, is a very practical guy and knows a lot about corporations and spoke to the fact that a river being compared to a corporation is not enough because it is not impacted the public directly, and then we all chimed in saying he was very wrong. "
11/29/2017 20:46:38,"Our conversation was very smooth and easy going. The tone was lighthearted, but we also acknowledged the seriousness of some of the situations that the questions presented. The group consisted of my parents, my older brother, and myself.

We really enjoyed learning information about climate change through the questions. My parents learned a lot of things that they didn't know about, which I think made them realize how serious of a situation it really is. In the end, we all learned a lot about the state of our world.","I think it would be interesting to be able to select from a ""topic"" to pursue. Obviously the app is focused on climate change as a whole, but the ""topics"" could be things such as ""political impact, economic impact, wildlife impact, etc"". This would allow people to pursue the specific parts of climate change that interest them the most.

Another interesting addition would be pictures/graphs to go along with questions. I'm not sure if this is already a feature, but I did not encounter any from my questions. It would add more scope to the questions and show people some quantitative data to enhance the conversation.",,"The only glitch I encountered was a screen saying ""Internal Server Error"" after setting up the players, but after trying a couple of times it worked fine.",,1150719,"The question that sparked the most conversation was the one about the IPCC winning the Nobel Peace Prize for their work in climate change research. My parents and brother didn't even know this group existed, so it was really interesting for them to look it up and learn more about the organization.

The question prompted us to look up other groups involved with climate change research (on both sides of the effort!) and it was interesting to share our results. We found that most large universities and colleges had their own teams of scientists actively researching climate change and contributing to the global conversation regarding its impact."
11/29/2017 20:49:11,"Conversation were lighthearted and fun for the most part even though most of us find the matter of global warming to be a serious issue that needs to be talked about more. We didn't find the issues and questions asked to be humorous because they were relevant to what is currently happening on Earth, even if all the aspects didn't affect us directly or the location we are currently residing. I thought my group of players did a good job of considering other people/culture's lifestyles that differ from our own when answering the questions.

I was working with my sorority sisters on the questions and we always have a good time no matter what we are talking about. We are all around the same age which I believe is why many of the answers and  comments were agreed upon by the whole group or at least a majority of the players. Had we had significantly younger or older individuals, we might have had different types of beliefs and conversations. 
","Overall, I thought the app did a good job of asking a variety of questions from a local level to a more global view. If I were to change the app, I would add more open ended questions such as ""How do you feel about global warming as a whole"", ""Do you believe that global warming has an effect on your everyday life?"", and ""What information about global warming were you given as a child/growing up?"". I feel that these open ended questions would allow for a multitude of answers that would spark conversations by relating to personal experiences . 

I would be curious to see how my players grew up thinking about global warming. In my case, I was given little information about global warming and even then the information was highly criticized by family members and educators. This ay have been because I was from an extremely small town that seemed to be behind the times in almost every aspect of life. I am assuming that my sisters from larger places would have much different teachings and experiences. 
",,"The major problem I had with this app was the glitches. For about 4 days, I would try to input mine and 3 other individuals' names as players of the game only to press begin and be sent to a page that said ""Internal Service Error"". After emailing my TA and being forwarded to (I'm assuming) an administrator of the app, I was able to figure out the problem. Apparently, because all of my players were around the same age, the app's database wasn't big enough to formulate relevant questions. Once I altered my players' ages and information, I finally got the app to work.   Besides the initial glitch of being sent to the ""Internal Service Error"" page, the rest of the app ran smoothly. My only complaint is that this information would have been helpful before starting the assignment. Upon reading the discussion page for help, I found that other students were having the same problem. My suggestion is to let student know of potential glitches ahead of time. Other than that, I had no other glitches and enjoyed the assignment!",,1629761,"The questions that sparked the most conversation were the ones that directly related to personal experiences and backgrounds such as what kinds of ecosystems someone identifies with, what natural places someone regards as sacred, and if winters feel different than they have in the past. Because the members of my group were from a variety of locations (Australia, Spokane, Seattle, and a small town in a farming community), our experiences differed a lot from each other and we were excited to hear how these aspects affected each other differently. 

These questions took our conversation to an exciting place. Every member was excited to share their thoughts and eagerly listened to other's experiences. We found that people in certain locations certainly have experienced global warming more than others. Laura, my sorority sister from Australia, recounted the craziness of the weather she grew up in. She can remember drastic winter changes as well as times of extreme drought and flooding. Lyndsey, my sorority sister from Spokane, remembers that previous winters had a lot less rain than recent ones. Something I found interesting was how much the ecosystems we identified with heavily depended on the locations we grew up in. 

"
11/29/2017 20:51:55,The conversation was lighthearted. I talked with friends.,"I would make it have less glitches. It kept closing during the interview and having issues, which interrupted the conversation several times and took away from the natural progression of ideas. I would also create more variety of questions. I kept getting repeat questions every time I played. ",,"Yes, the app wouldn't let me incorporate 3 players at once and continually crashed during the interviews.",,1632299,People thought giving bodies of water legal rights was interesting because they weren't aware of it and wanted to learn more about it. They also thought it was a good idea so there would be legal basis to fight pollution.
11/29/2017 20:53:52,"My conversation went really well even though it was with a few of my peers who I have shared similar experiences with. It was lighthearted for the most part, but we still managed to take it quite seriously. The friends I brought together I grew up with here in Seattle so our experiences in natural disasters were pretty limited. We did each bring unique opinions and proposed solutions to the discussion though and this made our time together productive.

The discussion could have been even better in my opinion if there was greater diversity in those that participated. It would have been extremely interesting and valuable if I had talked to someone who had lived through a devastating event like Hurricane Katrina. It ended up being a very productive discussion anyways because of the many suggested solutions. My friends and I offered up fresh ideas on how to prepare for and see-out disasters and different climate events.","I believe the app did a great job of guiding conversations, but there is still room for some solid improvements. First of all, it would be great if the app asked tougher questions. There were a few questions that asked for solutions to certain problems and I really liked these type of questions. Solutions are what are society needs so if we start talking about them now, even among friends, real change is even likelier. I also found these conversations to be the most interesting. Hearing several preliminary ideas on how to solve issues facing our society allowed for the discussion to get creative while remaining productive.

Other than that I was really impressed with the app. The questions in general encouraged solid discussions that forced the participants to think critically about climate change around the world. We all learned something from the app and managed to walk away as people more confident in talking about climate change. I only ran into one bug (further explained below), but it seemed to resolve itself after I refreshed the page a few times. All in all, the app is simple but extremely effective in fostering productive conversations about climate change.",,"Yes, I had some trouble loading the page after entering in names and birthdays. This might have been due to a poor internet connection though.",,1542176,"When we discussed droughts there was a lot of good discussion about how to allocate resources during such a period. We all agreed that limiting water use is necessary, but needs to be done regulated more. Rather than just telling the public to limit water use to essential needs fines should be imposed on those that use more than a dictated amount. The thinking was that if people are held more accountable for their water use during water-stressed times there will be more available for those that absolutely need it.

Additionally, we discussed the effect of catching and storing carbon before it enters the atmosphere. We thought it was a solid short term solution, but could cause long term problems. Once the carbon storage fills up what happens next? Sending it into space was suggested and I don’t know how feasible this would be, but it sounds better than storing it on Earth. I brought up wedges and how the wedge regarding trapping carbon needs to grow massively for it to be effective at slowing down climate change. In the end we liked the idea, but were worried about how it may affect the future.
"
11/29/2017 21:06:33,"The conversations were very short and not much was said about anything. I believe the reason why this was the case is because of the nature of the questions that the app asked. Most of the questions asked were yes or no questions or other simple questions that can be answered with a few words. This was why it was very lighthearted. 
Another reason why is that I was talking with friends. I personally know that they are not very passionate or knowledgeable about climate change and thus don't have much to add to the conversation besides the simple answers required of these simple questions.  ","I would change this app so that the questions it asks are more thought-provoking. This allows the conversations to be much more meaningful and enlightening. It also prevents the answers from being just a few words. 
I would also hope that the app asks questions that are more relevant to the people that are there. If the questions are more personalized, it is much easier for it to start a very meaningful conversation. Perhaps, it can start by asking more than just a name and a birthday.",,Sometimes it gives a 500 internal server error.,,1563289,"The question that sparked the most conversation was one that asked about hot summers. This is because the friend that received this question grew up in Singapore which is really close to the equator and has really moist and hot  summers. This questions brought up many strong memories from his childhood of braving the heat with his family and friends using a lot of fans. 
These questions took the conversation to be about the weather in Singapore in general. He also talked about how the rain is really strong and that if it rains it almost always pours. There was nothing related to climate change that was brought up however. "
11/29/2017 21:11:09,"(Disclaimer: This are my real responses. I didn't realize when I filled out the survey originally that we had to have 2-3 paragraph responses).

The first two conversations, with my Republican roommate and Freshman friend, were lighthearted. My Republican roommate is not very concerned about climate change and believes that while it is good to reduce coal use, the economic implications and job losses are negative consequences that should be seriously considered and weighed in the decision to move towards clean energy. My Freshman friend did not know a lot about climate change, so the conversation was lighthearted in the sense that she was learning things rather than voicing a strong opinion about certain topics.

My last conversation was with a friend who is also a National Debate Tournament Varsity Competitor. Last year, the topic was based on whether or not there should be a reduction in carbon dioxide emissions, and as a varsity competitor, he worked approximately 20 hours each week towards research and practice. This conversation was more serious because he was so knowledgable about the topic and had strong opinions, such as the importance of using global average temperature to assess long term trends in climate change rather than relying on how weather ""feels"" on a given day. ","To improve this app, I would include more variety in questions. Every time I played the game, I got similar or the same questions, which led to repeated answers and circular conversations. I would also recommend including statements that spark more conversation. I feel that many of the remarks and questions were very basic, entry level questions, so it didn't require people to really think about their stances and opinions. ",,"Yes, I experienced several glitches with this app. First, it wouldn't let me play with three players at one. I had to play one player at a time, which is why I believe I got the same questions repeatedly. Second, the app continually crashed during the conversations, which inhibited the flow of conversation and distracted the people I was interviewing. ",,1632299,"While talking with my Republican roommate, the question that sparked the most conversation was the one involving a reduction in coal usage. She seemed very against the idea of working in a coal factory. She claimed they had terrible conditions, it would be difficult labor, there would be respiratory problems, low wages, and that it would be an overall bad environment to be in. However, when I asked her if we should reduce coal consumption in favor of cleaner energy, she claimed cleaner energy would be good, but the resulting job loss from abandoning coal would be a negative consequence. This was interesting since just a few moments earlier she was describing how awful of an industry coal would be to work in.

My Freshman friend seemed most intrigued by the question involving giving legal rights to bodies of water. She wasn't aware that this was a thing, and wanted to know more about it. She also seemed to think that it was a good idea because it would disincentive pollution by providing a basis for legal action against polluters. 

My Debate friend had extensive knowledge on different ways that cities were adapting to rising sea levels. He described plans for relocation, raising roads, and implementing new drainage systems. He said that this was a serious problem for places like Miami, Florida and Venice, Italy, because they are already so close to sea level, and that it may be too late to make a significant effort to fight sea level rise. "
11/29/2017 21:16:54,I was talking with my friends that go to The University of Washington. The conversation was mostly lighthearted there was some ownership over possibly controversial topics because two of the people are from California. They all were very open to knowing more which was interesting. ,"I would make the questions move faster and cover more ground, it felt too stuck on specific topics. I liked that it detailed what year it was and personalized how old each participant was. I think it would have been better if it rotated who the question was targeted towards.",,"Yes, it kept saying internal error im not sure if that was becuase im on a laptop. I tried to do it like three times and it kept telling me I had no data recorded. i got through at least 8-10 questions but then it just took me back to the sign in ",,1726635,The questions about carbon storage led to the most discourse. there were speculations that storing it underground would only lead to a whole new set of problems and not fix the original.
11/29/2017 21:18:20,"The conversation went great! My father, who was apart of the conversation has always heard of global warming, but never got a proper chance to have an educational conversation about the topic. My sister, on the other hand, has read about global warming through articles and other sources and was very skeptical about it. My friend Mohamed is a firm believer that global warming is occurring he was just more confused on what is causes and effects.
 The conversation we had was serious, because the people I was speaking to hadn't known the drought in CA was and effect of global warming, and some of them didn't really believe our carbon footprint is the cause of global warming. Through our conversation we were able to debunk myths and get to the reality of the issue, which they all appreciated greatly. ","I would change the app by making it more interactive. Instead of just throwing questions out there to us, maybe have some global warming trivia. As the conversation continues and people typically aren't as engaged as they were in the beginning and some trivia and other interactive features I think would keep people engaged throughout the conversation. 
Also, from the questions we got, they were primarily focused on global warming effects and causes in N. America. Since thats where we live thats appropriate, but my Father spent most of his life living in Somalia, and he was very curious as to global warmings effects there. I know you can't include ever single country into your websites questions, but it would be nice for it to be more inclusive of the entire globe just to show that global warming does not only affect N. America. ",,wouldn't save game progress. After we were complete it returned us to the screen in the beginning asking us to enter names and birth years again.,,1522489,"The drought in CA sparked the most conversation because of how recent it is, and how close to home it is. My Father had little previous knowledge of global warming and did not believe global warming had the ability to cause droughts, especially of that magnitude. Others in the conversation believed that droughts and wildfires are natural disasters which are unavoidable. 
I was able to show them how global warming intensifies and raises the frequency of such instances. Using evidence like the hockey stick plot I showed them the direct correlation between our CO2 footprint and global temps. After that was established I showed them how climate change can limit rain, and obviously increase heat. With these relationships proven to them with data and consensus among scientist, they believed global warming cause the CA drought and other events around the world."
11/29/2017 21:40:20,"I talked with friends and it was a fun but serious conversation. My friends learned a lot about global warming, and past statistics. It also made us all consider how global warming affects not just the Earth in general, but also our families and friends in the past and the future.  ",I would maybe include more numbers/facts in the questions to make the problems and issues discussed seem more realistic to those reading it. Pictures may also help give a visual representation for visual learners.,,"Yes, at times when I tried to start the game it would not work and say ""Internal Server Error"" and I had to change the number of rounds or number of players in order for it to work.",,1725376,The question that sparked the most conversation was the one about where our power comes from and what impacts it has on our local environment. This question was very specific and made us focus on ourselves and see how what we do and what we use directly affects our community and ourselves.0
11/29/2017 21:50:49,"The conversation was relatively light hearted, however there were also serious moments and tones throughout the more serious parts and topics of the conversation. Initially, the conversation began very lighthearted. Because the group I talked with knows each other very well, it was a very relaxed atmosphere. I chose to talk to my friends because of this fact but also because I knew that everyone was comfortable around each other. Because everyone was comfortable with each other, they felt that they were able to share with each other openly and honestly which contributed to the conversation well. 
	As the conversation continued, there were more serious topics and parts of the conversation. These were mainly centered around issues that the group felt impacted them directly as well as their perceived opinions on certain issues. Because the group I chose consisted of college students, they were all relatively educated and aware of many of the issues that we are facing currently. In the group, there were actually a few people who have taken this class previously and were very well informed about the issues and topic. ","In order to change the conversation, I would the option within the app to choose certain sub topics or more specific categories to tailor the conversation to the crowd or group that was playing. I would also consider the age group of the people who are playing the app and change it so that you can insure that each event within the app is memorable to the people playing. For example, there were times when the app would discuss an event that happened many years ago, but the player would not be able to remember the event because they were a young age when the event took place. I would tailor the events to the players so that this would not happen. 
	I would also add the option to tailor the questions toward the mood or feelings of the group. For example, the group that I played with really enjoyed the questions that allowed them to voice their opinions regarding required actions or feelings toward events. I would group all of these questions together and add sub categories so that people could choose to look at all of these questions at once. I would also group all the questions regarding personal experiences or that prompted storytelling together so that people would be able to access these questions when they wanted to add personal experiences.
",,"there were a couple times when the system would respond with ""internal server error"" and we would be forced to restart.",,1564335,"The events that sparked the most conversation were usually related to topics or events that the participant could remember well and had a very detailed memory of. For example, events that asked about weather events such as heat waves or hot summers were very memorable because all of the members of the group are from Seattle. Because of this, they were all able to remember the very hot Seattle summer heat waves and recall how they felt. Most of the questions lead to storytelling as well as lots of person relaying of information and experiences surrounding each phenomenon. 
	The other things that sparked the most conversation were the questions that asked you to compare and contrast different phenomenon. The open ended questions that gave multiple different scenarios or ideas were the most popular among the group. Usually, this lead to debate and lively discussion within the group as they argued their points and tried to reason with each other. While they were not arguing, there were definitely different opinions that were expressed and led to people taking sides to different issues and situations. 
"
11/29/2017 22:12:38,"Our conversations went really well! It was relatively lighthearted for almost every question after a few minutes of serious conversation and debate. It was fun to watch my Mom and Grandfather talk about how much Seattle has and will continue to change. My little brother, 12, is young but is a lot smarter than many of the kids his age, unfortunately he's aware of this and led to him trying to answer every question. This led to a lot of lead to a lot of learning for both my brother an I. As you can tell from what i've already stated, this conversation was held with strictly my family. I decided that it would probably be taken a bit more seriously if done with my family rather than my friends. It also added an interesting dynamic of time age difference and experience. If I had the chance to do this again I might add one of my friends to add another difference of perspective. ",I thought the app did a really good job of tailoring each conversation to an individual and a specific period in their life. It brought back memories and provided personal insight from people who have literally watched our climate change. I'd probably have a time limit installed on each question. By doing this you speed up conversation and force them to be more serious and meaningful. Considering the amount of questions this would also make the app a little more practical for a family setting. I'd also think it'd be fun to include a few multiple choice question like poll everywhere that shows the answer results of everyone else who has participated in the app. That would allow people to learn a little more and also take note of certain trends that people think are occurring. ,,,,1521063,"I'd say that the majority of our lengthy conversations came when Seattle-related questions came up. It makes sense considering everyone involved in the conversation was born and raised in Seattle. Obviously you're more inclined to talk about where you're from rather than statistics relative to the entire country or from decades ago. My Grandpa and Mother were both more interested in current climate changes and issues rather than the statistics relating to their own, young, time periods mentioned in the poll. They took our conversation to a more serious point than it had reached prior. When you begin to talk about the world changing but more specifically your hometown 12 year olds and 21 year olds alike start to worry and ask questions. We got some of our most productive and meaningful conversations out of it however. We began to talk about how much each of us have seen the city change in our own individual time in Seattle. Citing overpopulation and water usage as two of the biggest problems citizens of Seattle are currently facing. This led to the explanation of overpopulation to my younger brother and the google search of the growth in population size since the year my grandfather was born. "
11/29/2017 22:19:21,"It was serious, but also sort of surface level. A lot of the questions were yes or no questions, and when the answer was no, it just didn't really spark that much conversation. It really did bring up good questions to think about, so I personally enjoyed it! We were pretty unknowledgeable about our topics though.

I talked with all friends.","The facts related to a person's age were pretty interesting, but we were confused because many of them didn't seem to relate to the questions THAT much. We could see how they were generally on the same line of conversation though. Maybe an improvement can be made to this somehow?

I also wish that more information could be given after we answer the question. I get that the point of the game was to create conversation, but for some questions, it definitely would've been awesome to hear something like an ""answer."" For example, one of the questions was something like ""Do you think flooding or droughts would be more difficult to deal with?"" Since that's a more general question, it'd be nice to get some pointers as to why flooding could be more difficult or why droughts could be more difficult. Another possibility is for the questions like ""Do you think you've felt the climate change in the winters?"" (Something like that.) Maybe there could be the result from a survey that says ""According to a survey from ______, 35% of people answered 'Yes,' 60% of people answered 'No,' and 5% of people answered 'Unsure,'"" just for something else the players can chew on as they continue talking about their answers.`

Being able to see all the questions we went through at the end would be a cool improvement too!",,"Yes. Sometimes there was a server error. At the end of questionnaire, it also just cut back to the players' page with this line at the top: ""There was a problem loading your game state: No game in progress found."" In the beginning, I had to refresh the page to get the game started (this was right after we setup the players).",,1562515,"We're from different cities in the general same area (southern California), so it was cool to see how our cities differed in how they're progressing, how they look, and the measures they have taken in the past to care about our environment. For example, one of my friends is from Huntington Beach, and she talked about how her city prevented more houses from being built in order to preserve the wetlands there. That was something I never knew about despite living 25 minutes away from her city. 

The other questions we talked more about were the questions about whether or not we think a certain practice is effective, such as the one about taking carbon from the air and storing it underground. Before I took this class, I had no idea that was even a thing, and neither did any of my friends. We talked about potential benefits/tradeoffs that we thought this practice would have, but in the end, there was no concrete answer. Since this question was a question that I think can give more background information, I really wish the app provided that instead of us having to go look it up ourselves after/during the conversation (which none of us did, by the way)."
11/29/2017 22:25:47,"Yes the conversation was very lighthearted. Two of the three people that I talked to were actually from California so they had a personal stake in the topic. They talked about having had experienced the drought in California and how they really didn't see it take an effect in their neighborhood. Both did come from a wealthy area and we were able to have conscientious talk about why watering your yard in a drought is harmful. They didn't seem to phased by drought whereas me and the other Washingtonian talked about how awful the droughts have been in the past summers in Washington. 
I was talking with three friends that also go here. They were all electrical engineering or computer science so it was funny when they said that global warming was kind of difficult to understand. I don't think that they intended to have such a specific opinion on any of the questions. We talked mostly openly but they seemed scared of asking questions. ","I would want it to move through topics much faster. I think It was worded too scientifically, and it was possibly kind of hard to follow. I don't know if it would have been better to show some option of possible right answers so you could maybe be more invested in the actual outcome. I would make it so everyone could have the question on their phone and be like added into the conversation. And I think it would be more important to start with preliminary questions so i could understand what everyone thought. 

I think It would be good to have correct facts just so I'm sure I'm not misinforming people during the conversation. I like the way it targeted an individual but i wit was a more far reaching question for all participants. Also I think there should be an instruction page. i would also like to receive gold star for each completed section.",,Yes im not sure if any of my data was saved. ,,1726635,"The most controversial topic was storing carbon in the ground. One of my friends had a difficult time understanding it and the other worried it was not a solution but would lead to a new problem. She seemed passionate that we find an above ground solution or that we just reduce emissions instead. The other two people didn't understand how that could work so easily. there was also worries that carbon in water would harm humans. 
The other topic that sparked debate was the one about whether we should be charged for our past emissions. They thought that because we are trying to make a change moving forward it would be wrong to get penalized for the past. It was interesting to notice that while politically conservative they supported a carbon tax and that usually isn't the case when it comes to political parties supporting taxes. They all assumed that there was already a comprehensive tax in Washington, but it currently gets brought up with legislative initiatives. I was surprised that they all somewhat agreed to polluters paying for their mistakes. "
11/29/2017 22:38:12,"I decided to play this game while I was home for Thanksgiving, so I was with my family; this meant that there was quite a variety in the ages of people playing, ranging from me (18) to my dad (56), so we were all coming from different perspectives. On top of this, all of the players--my sister, mom, dad, and I--all spent our childhoods in different cities (for the most part), which also made for a variety of perspectives in terms of changes we have all observed first hand. 

The conversation went really well--of course, it was lighthearted and a bit jokey at times (my dad likes to turn any conversation into a pun/joke), but it was interesting to confirm that my parents do indeed understand the pressing and urgent nature of climate change. If I had spoken to my grandparents instead, I think I would have received very different answers, just because of the multi-generation gap. My mom comes from a science background in her higher education, so she has briefly looked at topics regarding climate change; she actually works as a radiation safety officer and conducts a lot of research, so she sees environmental science in more of that vein. My parents, who both grew up in India, both expressed that climate change and global warming were not things that they ever discussed in grade school/were never really issues that crossed their minds, so it is cool to see that despite that, they have educated themselves on the subject and have come to understand the facts.","Overall, I think that this app was very successful in creating a personal connection between the players and the true events that it describes; it is a very unique idea to tie in one's age to a memory, because that person automatically remembers what life was like then and compares it to today, which highlights changes, etc. I think an interesting twist that could be added to the app would be to have some way for players to enter more information about themselves that the game could then use to generate more personalized scenarios--for example, if a player could enter different places they have lived, perhaps the scenarios brought up could have to do with those locations and how climate change has effected them. 

One other improvement (and I don't know if this was a glitch or if it is how the app works) I might suggest would be to have some sort of end card or conclusion to the game, because mine went from the last scenario back to the first page, which was sort of confusing; maybe there could be something that sparks reflection for the players or is interactive in nature. Other than these minor/largely logistical suggestions, I think this app is a really cool tool to use for sparking conversations that are sometimes difficult to start.",,No,,1770515,"As I mentioned previously, my parents are both from India, so the scenario that talked about the Ganges River and how India is treating it from an environmental standpoint was one that sparked conversation. My parents found it interesting that their native country was suddenly concerned with global warming, taking into account that they had never talked about it in school or even in society when they lived there 30-35 years ago. They told me about a gas leak disaster in a city called Bhopal back in the 80s--neither of them lived near it, but they heard a lot about it and how a lot of people got sick from it. Apparently, companies were not complying with the environmental standards that were set and thus did not practice safe treatment of the gas (in order to save costs), which is how it leaked and damaged the environment/community so much. 

One situation that my sister and I could connect to was the scenario that brought up Hurricane Katrina--being that I was around 7 or 8 when that happened (and my sister was about 13 or 14), it is one of the first sort of natural disasters that I remember hearing about and seeing on TV for months as New Orleans slowly recovered. My parents were surprised when I told them that I had learned in ATMS 111 that hurricane intensity is expected to strengthen with global warming. They were also unaware that sea level rise contributed to the large extent to which Katrina devastated Louisiana, being that it has a long coastline. I was interesting to hear their experience with environmental changes and compare that to how my sister and I have learned about climate change growing up in the US. "
11/29/2017 22:39:50,"I chose to have a conversation with my immediate family, which consists of my younger sister, mother, and father. Our conversation that took place was relatively lighthearted. We are all decently comfortable around each other so it didn't get too serious for the most part. 
I do think that this is a topic that isn't often brought up around my family, or at least not in depth. This was a useful way to make the subject relevant by incorporating personal experiences. It also helped us consider how we might be more conscious of how we have a direct influence on climate because of our actions. I think that it was a bit uncomfortable because of its unfamiliarity in nature, and some questions were hard to answer for my sister and I, because we had not even been born yet.","This app is very useful for creating a space to discuss current issues relating to climate, as well as past observations and situations that help put our future into perspective. I think that a few things that could have been modified were the lack of resources to continue the conversation, as well as an option to select certain topics. I think that it would be very useful to include articles that provide more information on specific topics so that people can explore different opinions and approaches to climate changes.

I also think that an option to select specific topics could be beneficial. This way people can talk about subjects that they have experience or interest in.",,I did not have any issues while using the application. This was completed on an iPhone 7+ through the browser on the Canvas app by clicking the link in the discussion post.,,1562599,"The questions that seemed to spark the most conversation were ones that either seemed closely relevant to our family, or that we had differing opinions on. For the first example, one of the events mentioned heavy rainfall and also droughts in California. This created more discussion because of the fact that both of my parents lived in California previously, as well as my extended family. We were all able to share specific anecdotes from personal experiences and experiences of people who we knew closely. Our grandparents had to limit water consumption because of the drought, and that's why many people had to stop watering their lawns. They also did dishes by hand instead of in the dishwasher so they could use it for other tasks. This made the topic feel much more real because we had to more critically consider and analyze how the climate impacted the way people lived their lives. 

In regards to disagreements, most of them were about different solutions to problems, or different approaches rather than disagreements about the validity of climate change/global warming itself. My dad and I got into a debate about whether we personally had an issue with living near an area that is prone to flooding which got slightly off topic, but was engaging nonetheless. We also talked about the effectiveness of renewable energy sources and the economic impact that they have."
11/29/2017 23:02:51,"My conversations were fairly lighthearted because I played this game with some of the friends that I live with. Some of the questions that the app asked were both entertaining and somewhat depressing. One of my friends came to UW from New Orleans and was able to witness the drastic weather shifts and intense storms of the last two decades. My friend spoke on how he had to evacuate his hometown due to hurricane Katrina for an extended amount of time. This was when the conversation became more serious because we all knew that my friend had been directly affected by climate change in a very unfortunate situation. 

","I would like to make the app more interactive and turn it into a form of a game. The app's current state is mainly just a powerpoint that lists out different questions and facts that are both depressing and scary. The app does however serve its purpose well by illustrating the changes on Earth due to global warming and the unfortunate things that mankind has done to our home. If I were to change the application, maybe I would add positive events and strives that mankind has made in response to the negative things that we have observed over time. Maybe an addition to the application by allowing the player to choose from different options, making the app more of a quiz. Or maybe even implementing a point system and having the application tally up each player's points that they may earn through answering things correctly or by having the group vote on the best response by a player. In order to make this application more usable and more interesting I would allow a player to ""win"" or to implement a goal for the group of people to achieve while exploring this application. I'm not sure how these things would be implemented seamlessly or correctly, but I do feel as though this application lacks the ability to be replayed.",,"The app responded slowly which may have been due to my internet connection, but other than this I did not experience any glitches",,1630515,"One of our most memorable conversations was when the application started to talk about the amount of coal energy that was being used to power the world's electricity. The first question that it asked us was if we had ever imagined or thought that it would be a necessity to work in a coal mine. At first, we thought this was kind of an entertaining question because none of us had ever considered ending up in a field such as coal mining. We took this question as a joke until we moved on to the next question. The next question asked us if we knew anybody that had ever suffered consequences from living near a coal mine. None of us knew anyone that had lived beside a coal mine so we didn't know what exactly these negative consequences could have been. Once one of my friends googled the possible consequences, the conversation became serious. We had no idea that an entire community could experience terrible respiratory problems, become poisoned by the chemicals released into the air, and have our drinking water completely contaminated causing illness from just drinking the water in the community.  "
11/29/2017 23:06:39,"When I decided to use the app, I didn't really think it would ask the questions it did and I mostly expected it to ask the generic questions which are mainly present in the media. Our conversations were mainly lighthearted because I was talking to some of my fellow friends, but in some cases they really began to reflect on the consequences that could face us in the future. The discussion became more serious however when given the context of the situation, which was related to our own lives.","First off, I like the format and the personalization of the app because it offers the potential for unique conversations and events and questions that are relevant to us today not just our past and our future. If I had to make any sort of changes to the app, I think that I would make the conversations more charged. I realize that clashing opinions and involving politics is often the source of angry debates but I do think that people expressing their personal beliefs and arguments is fundamental for having good conversations.

Another suggestion I have for this app is to include images. I think incorporating many different images and modes into the app will make it more engaging and will spark more conversation and debate. Not only that, but it is much easier to understand situations if there is a picture provided. ",,I did not ,,1736314,"The events that sparked most questions were by far the ones that related more closely to our lives, such as the drought in California for example. Since the drought was so severe it affected many people, and on of my roommates even had a family member which lived in the specific drought. I feel like when events are related to people directly then they are more interested in the causes and the consequences of these problems.
 
Another interesting discussion spark was the coal power plant and that most energy came from coal when we were in our tweens. All of us in our group agreed that life on a coal power plant would suck and imagining is we had a job at such a dirty location. At the same time we all acknowledged that most of our energy comes from fossil fuels and it would be hard to switch our energy sources."
11/29/2017 23:09:54,"The conversations went very well I think. I was talking with family members, and coming from a relatively liberal household we have similar beliefs. Although the age differences between my parents and me and my siblings definitely gave us different perspectives on global warming. It was good that we were all talking with family members because no one is going to take anything personally, and what we all want is to become a more aware and educated family, so this exercise was very helpful and constructive. In addition, since we are all comfortable with criticizing one another this allowed us to create a platform where thoughts that aren’t backed by science or are faulty, could be changed with science.

We all tried to keep it lighthearted and everyone was encouraged to speak any doubts about what was being said, and told that there were no wrong questions or answers. This made it very easy for my younger sister, who has the least amount of knowledge about global warming to express any preconceived notions she may have, and also put herself in the shoes of people who are already being affected by this phenomenon. No one in my family is a doubter of global warming so no ones opinions needed to be changed, but these questions made us think deeply about the impacts it may have not just on our lives, but on peoples lives all around the world.
","I found this app to be very well structured and thought provoking and it encouraged deep conversations within my family. Although the app is a little simplistic and I feel that a lot could be gained from making the app more interactive, such as implementing games and graphics for more hands on learning. The best thing about this app is that the questions are great, but some of them state simple facts and therefore receive a simple response. I think more background on some of the questions and how those things have impacted the world, could bring a lot more to how the conversations play out. 

Another impact that these questions had on my family was that it left us depressed by the end. I think a good addition to this app would be to add some positive questions and points towards the end so that the user doesn’t feel defeated and discouraged by the overwhelming problem of climate change. This app could also be a lot better if there was some sort of quiz added to it, or something similar to a jeopardy type game so it can be more appealing to all different age groups. My sister had a hard time staying engaged with the questions and we had to push her to think of thoughtful answers. All in all I would say that this app is great for older age groups because they are better practiced at thinking of thoughtful responses, and is lacking in keeping younger audiences engaged which is a necessary thing to do since the youth are the future. 
",,Flawless,,1575191,"Since my family members did not need to be convinced that global warming is real, the questions that sparked the most conversations were the ones that made us put ourselves in other people’s shoes. The question, “Have you or anyone you know experienced a damaging storm?” sparked a long conversation. My dad as a younger kid living in Florida had to deal with damaging storms and lost his home at one point, forcing his family to move to California. We also have family friends who were living in New Orleans who were displaced by hurricane Katrina. My family has not been directly affected by a devastating storm, but we have all felt the emotions that come with them to some degree. 

Another question that sparked a lot of discussion was, “What do you think it would be like to work in a coal mine? Do you know anyone who lived near a coal mine? How do you think it affected their life?” My family talked a lot about this because none of us had ever actually thought what it would be like to work in a coal mine or live near one. We realized how awful that must be, and how that would not only affect the workers, but the entire surrounding area of the coal mine. For some people’s only option for an income to be working in a coal mine, which is a terrible pollutant and not helping the environment at all, was a hard thought for my family because we are lucky to not be in that situation. All these questions took our conversation to a place of sadness, but also to realizing how important of an issue climate change is and how things need to change immediately.
"
11/29/2017 23:30:52,"    While talking with my family, the conversations from the climate conversations app were very lighthearted for the most part. Many of the questions are not directly related to climate change which makes for easy conversation to begin with, before transitioning into more climate-focused topics about the event mentioned on the app. This made it easy to start talking, but only when someone had an applicable answer. For example,  the first question my family and I had asked about whether or not anyone we knew had skin cancer linked to sun damage. This question was pretty specific and didn't apply to anyone there, so it was hard to then transition into the main topic of conversation about the ozone because we had nothing to build off of and just started with the next question. 
","   For the most part, the app had very good questions that led to a good conversation with my family, the main issue for me personally was that the fact from a given year was presented and then the app asks a semi-related question that is very vague in comparison to the facts, it felt like it would be more beneficial to the conversation to present the vague questions without the fact initially before asking more specific question or questions that pertain more to the presented information. 
    Additionally, the game ends very suddenly, it just takes you back to the start screen, I felt there should have been some kind of conclusion, or broader finishing question to end the conversation. 
",,no,,1574618,"   The particular questions that sparked the most conversation were  the set regarding coal consumption across the globe. My grandfather was the oldest of the participating family member and the city where he currently lives is a small town in Montana that recently had a coal mine open nearby, which brought many job openings to counter the city's higher unemployment rate. The personal connection and his past experiences made this an easier topic of conversation overall to just talk about because there were many different view about it. 
    On one hand, the coal mine opening was seen as a positive because it brought money into an otherwise poor town and created jobs, many cities across the US are dependent on mines like this and develop cities around them. There were also topics brought up after revolving around the move to renewable energy systems, on the drive to Montana, there is a very large wind farm in Kittitas County. My father, who was also in the conversation expressed his amazement in how fast the turbines move, and their size/energy output ratio including that ""a few can make a lot of energy."" when compared to coal, the switch may be directly better for the globe, but the transition, as my granfdather pointed out, could be devastating for mining towns and miners which are abundant across the US. "
11/29/2017 23:34:34,"The overall conversation was pretty lighthearted as I talked with my friends. It was more about sharing each other’s opinion rather than dealing with profound knowledge. For example, there were questions about flooding and drought. One of them was asking about our interests or intentions to grow cacti, which is alternative garden plants as it is very drought tolerant. However, even though we acknowledged that cacti were helpful for drought, my friends were not favorable to grow it. Some of my friends thought cacti was ugly. Like this, not just considering academic aspects, we tried to maintain the mood of the conversation lighter, not like a debate. 
After the conversation, I felt like it would be much more different if I made conversation with friends more interested in climate change or learned about global warming deeply beforehand. They answered questions as sincere as possible, but responses are differ based on what they know. For the question about ‘What are cities doing to respond to rising seas?’, most friends answered simply like education while I thought about moving population and seawall, pretty specific solution. Through this opportunity, I could make an assumption that reactions or responses could largely differ due to the group I talked. It would be more formal if I contacted with just acquaintances or have more common facts during family member conversation. "," Using ages and presenting a real case at first to ask some questions related to that case were effective and interesting. Also, questions about rights, personal experience, and a current system made us consider the environmental factors which we often overlooked. The structure of stretching questions using a topic as a center was great as well.
 However, I think some question looked like quite irrelevant to climate change, like the largest team experience and challenge. When we saw that question, we thought it was a just personal question rather than reminding us a certain climate change issue. Also, for “Why do you think they were awarded the Peace Prize and not a Nobel prize in science” (Al Gore) question, there might be a clear answer. Therefore, adding an explanation to the certain question about more specific background or answer might be better. For example, the question about assistant community for hurricane Katrina, add more information about the real name of a community before moving to the next. It might be more effective if there are some images, which does not have to explain the content but just related to a question topic. For me, it was great opportunity to talk about climate issues, not common topics, with my friend, share opinions, and reflect myself. ",,No,,1765275," As I mentioned below, the overall mood was pretty lighthearted and friendly. However, during the conversation, there were some unexpected and surprising responses from my friends. When there was a question of “Do you think it makes sense to give a river the same rights as a person? Is this different than giving a corporation the same rights as a person?”, one of my friends said yes because she thought we could preserve our river and various valuable creatures by imposing a right as a person and not using the river as a mere measure. Then she said that process is similar to vegan respects animal by not eating it. In terms of respect, vegan has something common as imposing human rights to the river. However, in my opinion, just halt abusing and making official restriction through giving right are different. This question made me think about the various way of conservation by dignifying biosphere in a different way. This friend also thought to give a corporation the same right had no difference with a river. 
 For the same question, the other friend answered that giving the right as a human could preserve the river and creatures live there, but giving the same right to a corporation would not work in the same way. However, the friend mentioned above insisted that it might be able to help owner’s family or workers’, and the other friend agreed with that opinion that it also could be beneficial. This short exchange and persuasion of thought were pretty interesting to me.  
During the conversation, we shared both academic and personal story as some questions asked about one’s experience. For example, the largest team experience and challenge and interest in working at a coal mine. Among the various questions and responses, an answer of “Do you know anyone live near a coal mine? How it affected their life?” caught my mind. One of my friend, from Taiwan, said that she knew some people lived near a coal mine in China. Because of coal mine industry, they could earn a tremendous amount of money, become flourish, and often send their children to America for study abroad. At that time, everyone sympathized that sending children to America when people became rich. After that, we talked about something about education privilege, which was a further extension of the original question. In addition to that, I could reflect myself as well. I only focused on and thought about the negative impact on the environment rather than positive aspects, especially economics. Through this one question, I reminded the importance of relevance between diverse factors. Also, I had further interest to search for the influence of coal mine to life surroundings, like environment, economics, thoughts of coal mine workers, of people who live nearby. 
"
11/29/2017 23:38:42,"Our conservation was filled with various types of reactions .There were times where it was filled with laughter to due to the confusion on the subject . At others times there was concerned about our future and the impact that global warming would have on our environment . Others were careless about the subject because they believed that there is nothing more that we can do as humans to stop global warming , in a way they have lost hope in the revival of the ecosystem.  
I had this conversation with my three family members. There were different ages that ranged from 16 , 23, and 47 .My mother , brother , and cousin were all very open to the topic of Global Warming . They all have heard about global warming but had little knowledge about the subject .  We all agreed that global warming is caused by humans .  ","I really like the layout of this app, especially the way it matched events with the ages of the players which made the player take this conversation very serious. A way that I would change this app is by making so that every player can log on with their own devices so they can see the questions on their own device. Also making it possible for them to type in their response because in my situation there were times were the players spoke over each other. I believe that this stop the players from fully expressing themselves.  
I would also add a section with definitions of words that the players might have not heard before because it would make it easier for the players to engage in the conversation . This will help them understand the questions better . I would also add pictures or even videos that show the impacts of global warming on the environment . This would make the agreements stronger and it would give the players more to talk about because they would have a visual of the event . Although it was a great conservation it  would have been better if the players had been provided with  a background about the topic which would have reduced the confusion. ",,"No, I did not experience any glitches .",,1627502,"Since I am enrolled in class , and have been exposed to various topic about global warming and was able to share my knowledge with my family members . They all have heard about global warming  but did not know exactly what it was . Once I told them that people have a great effect on global warming they took more interest in the topic . The question that sparked our conversations the most was various way that we could reduce global warming . Also for each scenario the players had to back to the moment , for example , one player had to go back to Hurricane Katrina which she did not recall much about but others in the conversation were able to remember  more about that event . Also having to decide whether a flood or a drought would be harder on people was interesting but at the end they all agreed that a flood would be harder on people because it would cause most damage on environment . They all agreed that with a drought they could import water and come up with other methods .  
Another questions that spark this conservation were terms that the player did not know the definition of ,for example , the international agreement on greenhouse gas pollution or the difference because a Nobel Prize and a Peace Prize which encourage them to find out. This conversation went the way I want because it made my family aware of the seriousness of global warming. They also came up with various way they can help reduce greenhouse gases emission  , for instance , driving less or eating less meat and give our environment the respect it deserves which will reduce climate change . "
11/29/2017 23:45:25,"The conversations we had went quite well. If I had to assign adjectives to the conversations, I would say that they were lighthearted conversations that took the subject matter seriously. It was three of my family members, so I think it would be kind of weird if the conversation became too serious, but we all believe that climate change is a serious issue. I doubt that anyone in my family, immediate or extended, would have any dissenting opinion; I do not have anything like a stereotypical uncle that ""never fails to make conversations awkward."" We all find the changes in climate and the action (or lack thereof) taken to help mediate these changes to be somewhat concerning. Even if I was to discuss this with friends, I highly doubt that any of them would do something like scoff at the statistics provided. 

It was a pleasant experience since we were all able to learn new things from the app itself, such as how coal consumption had actually increased globally pretty recently: we all found the fact that coal use had increased at all rather surprising, and my cousin found it particularly alarming since she's aware of how ""dirty"" it burns. Although she didn't participate in the whole conversation, my mom recalled to us the gas crisis of the 1970 and how although it was a pain, it was eye-opening to how reliant the world was on finite gas sources. Hurricane Katrina was something that my younger sister and I could not say much on since we were both not all that ""aware"" of the world by then, but my cousin talked about depressing it was. My father also contributed for a second and talked about the damage still present that he saw just a few weeks ago on a business trip. There is a famous Kanye West quote from the charity commercials that I mentioned, but besides that, the only time I could really contribute was talking about the loss of land in Louisiana and how cities combat rising seas. Overall, it was a fun time that was educational for each of us.","One change I would make to this app to help facilitate conversation I want to have is making the parts of questions that require specific life experiences to either be at the end of questions or more often have open-ended parts to them. This is due to the fact that although they were infrequent, there were moments where questions were resolved with simple all around yes/no answers or did not move much past that. We enjoyed the app the most when we able to state various opinions we had and make speculations on how issues could be solved. This was a minor issue, but it messed with the tempo set up by previous conversations started by other questions. Questions should be worded in inclusive ways that facilitate at least a decent conversation. That is not to discredit a majority of the questions and prompts used by the app, for a lot of them seemed to be extremely well thought out. This is extremely appreciated and deserves a good amount of respect since the app itself is still being developed. 

If I had to suggest another change to the app, I would suggest something that is most likely going to implemented at a later date anyway; this is to add images to the background that are relevant to the prompt and/or question. This would serve the purpose of being another primer for conversation to accompany the questions presented. Adding images is not so much something that I believe would change the nature of the conversations had, but I do believe that it could help people either recall information or come up with ideas to utilize for the conversations that unfold. This itself would pose some design problems such as to make the image clear while maintaining balance of the page, but its implementation would definitely be generally beneficial. The only issue I see this causing is that it could trigger some sort of bias within a participant depending on the image used, but I believe that bias is part of what makes the conversations from this app so interesting. ",,Not anything that was noticed. ,,1622114,"The questions that sparked the most conversation were the ones that were more open-ended in nature or required the statement of some opinion. These questions were mostly at the end of each subject, and served as good conversation starters since they required the use of one's imagination. I personally found these to be the most fun, rather than the questions that could simply be answered with a ""yes"" or ""no"" depending on one's life experience. I personally find it exhilarating in any context to attempt to find holes/inconsistencies in people's logic. These questions also happened to be the ones that ended up taking up the largest amount of time due to the fact their answers were always made up on the fly without consequences considered. It's always interesting to hear people's opinions, and I didn't expect to have such stimulating conversation borne from an awkward proposition to talk about climate after dinner.

The question that all of us were unsure of how to answer was one that asked about how the distribution of water should be handled in a drought. This was a rather unexpected outcome, but we eventually all came to the consensus that it can be a complicated issue that were weren't educated enough to determine the solution to. Like any political issue in life, it's difficult to make everyone happy in a way that's sustainable for the economy, society, and the environment. Another question mentioned growing cacti or succulents, and this was probably the funniest one to discuss. My cousin lives in Hawai'i, so growing a cactus in her front yard there would be out of place to put it lightly. Unexpectedly, my sister found the idea almost insulting for reasons that still escape me. I have recently wanted to have a small succulent to take care of on my desk, but the sad reality is that my cat would most likely make a meal out of it. "
11/29/2017 23:49:29,"Because I played the game with my family members the conversation was pretty lighthearted. Nobody really got too heated about the discussion. The question that got everyone involved was the question asking if people everywhere should pay for polluting the air. We discussed various ways the payment plan could be implemented and which way would be most effective. Different political views definitely had an impact on how the payments would be implemented. 

Some topics became serious, like the question about Katrina. One of my good friends in elementary school moved to New Orleans 4 months before the storm hit. His family lost everything and had to move to his grandparents in Las Vegas. My friends and I organized a bake sale to help his family out. We raised $1,700 which at the time to us was a boatload of money. His family visited us and said thank you afterwards.
","I would say the game was deeply intriguing in that it got everybody involved, even people who weren’t playing. One thing that you could implement is a short questionnaire that each player takes to rate their eco-friendliness. At the end of all the discussion the game would reveal who won and tips on how to improve everyone’s ecological footprint etc. 

Another option that could be implemented could be more graphs and visual aids/media. I think videos would work well to spark conversations and it’s an easy way to get points and facts across. A lot of people would benefit from visually seeing the devastation or effects from global warming rather than reading about it. 
",,,,1668409,"The two questions above definitely sparked the most conversation. The one about air pollution was a hot one because my family loves to have political debates, especially over Thanksgiving. My dad, sister and I are all Political Science majors so we have a wide variety of ideas of government and regulation. The question about Katrina hit home because he was one of my best friends and that was the first natural disaster I could put a face to the victims. 

Another question that sparked conversation was the one about working in a coal mine. My family tries to be as eco-friendly as possible so we are not huge fans of coal mines. My mom even got involved in this topic because I would say she is the “greenest” one out of all of us. We could not imagine the hardship that you would have to go through working in a coal mine.
"
11/29/2017 23:58:12,"The conversation is pretty, not too serious. I had the conversation with one of my friend Tina around my age, and my mom. It's very fun to hear different opinions from different generations. My mom does not see global warming or pollution as a too serious issue, and she seems like not care the affect of it for future generations. My friend and I are more concerned on this topic, mainly because we have more education on this topic.","I want this APP to have some more simple questions. When I read out the questions to my mom and my friend, they had a hard time to learn all the scientific terms like IPCC etc. I think this APP should have some question that relate to our life more closely.",,Yes. I can not have the conversation with all players around my age. I have to add someone who are old.,,1770124,"We sparkle the most on the topic of coal and wind power. Like I said, my mom does not really care about the future generations. She sees coal as an effective energy source for electricity and stuff like that. She thinks remaining the current usage rate of coal is the best for the economy, and scientists should develop ways to stop the global warming. 

On the other hand, my friend and I thinks wind power is a good way to replace coal. We believe wind power will be use wildly in the future. But, we also think that wind power will not work in some places. It's better to combine with other renewable energy source like solar."
11/29/2017 23:58:33,"I used the climate conversation app with 2 other of my apartment mates and we had a brief conversation about the topics that were shown relative to our ages and how it affected us. While it was fun and not very serious when I first asked them the questions and prompts, it gradually got more and more serious as we got deeper into the conversation. Global warming is a topic where the issues affect everybody in the world whether they like it or not, so many people do have opinions that they might not share unless prompted to; for example for this game.","I would not make any large changes to the application as I feel that it has great topics that can really engage the players because they play such large roles in everyday life. If I could make a small change, it would be about the glitches that I describe in the following question.",,I originally had 3 friends ready to play but every time I tried to set the game up with 3 people it would glitch.,,1760719,"One of the topics that we talked a lot about was the coal mining situation. We discussed how coal mining was still required and how we hoped that humans were moving away from the dangerous task of mining coal. We talked about renewable energy that is both safe and sustainable. These energies would be like wind energy as the source would never run out and it does not cause any harm to the environment. Also on the note of safety, the coal mining topic brought up some conversation about the recent tragedies where coal miners have been trapped while gathering material. We all thought it was bad to keep putting humans in harms way to mine coal while this time could be spent discovering new ways to use renewable energy to replace coal energy."
11/29/2017 23:58:44,"I talked with my friends, and our conversation went pretty lighthearted, fun, and interesting. These questions were requiring some thinking process and discussion. We learned a lot through these questions. My two friends whom I had conversation with, had never actually talked and thought about global warming and natural disasters before, and this was a great opportunity for them and I to think deeply about global warming and natural disasters, such as drought. We also learned that these questions could be applied to real world. 

I thought it was nice to experience this app and talk about these questions with friends. It felt as we are stepping closer to the problems regarding global warming and natural disasters. Each one of us sometimes had same opinions toward one question, whereas in other times, each one of us had different opinions toward another question. Through expressing our own opinions, we get to think from other's perspectives and learn from each other. Overall, I thought this extra credit assignment was a great source for learning more about global warming and natural disasters, and for learning to make best decision if we face these problems in the future. This extra credit assignment was a great exercise for applying these information to an actual world. ","I would like to change this app in like a debate style so that we can see in both pros and cons ways. If we change this app in debate style, it would be more informational since we could hear from both pros and cons perspectives. We could be able to stretch our thinking, instead of thinking in only one way. This would make us engage into the conversation. It will also develop skills for expressing our opinions as well. 

Debate style will be like this: when one question is presented to audiences, they can be divided into two groups (pros and cons). Each side presents their own opinions to the other side and provide them a time to think whether they agree or disagree. Overall, this would be a great exercise for us to express our own opinions to other people. ",,,,1665311,"There were few questions that actually applied to the real problems. I have realized that these questions required decision making. To accomplish this task, we had to think through to make a best decision as possible for certain situations. To me, these types of questions sparked the most because it made us to think not just straightforwardly, but critically. It definitely stretched our brain and developed our skills to see from different perspectives. 

When we faced decision making questions, we imagined as we are under those situations, such as experiencing a drought. From there, we thought about what would happen if we made a choice A or if we made a choice B. This often took us to the conversation that involved sharing our own opinions and explaining why an individual think in this way. Through this conversation, we tried to make one another to understand from one's perspectives and why this person thought this way. And the conversation usually turned into pretty intense conversation (not negatively intense, but intense with enthusiasm)."
11/30/2017 3:08:52,My conversation with my friends was not serious. They have a different understanding of climate change and that it’s not man made. It a natural thing that we cant control. ,Have the questions more user friendly.,,"Yes, hard to open the app. ",,1566865,About whether humans have an impact on climate change. Or who’s at fault. My friends have a false understanding of how climate and gobal warming works. I was able to explain to then the facts to change her understanding. 
11/30/2017 3:12:42,"It was half-casual and half-serious. I was surprised to realize that all of my closet friends had the concerns on climate changes. We rarely talked about topics that were as serious or big as this one, and they showed me some really incredible ideas, which I had never thought they would get to. Just kidding, I just never saw those aspects of them. It was really fun.
Part of the conversation was serious. I remembered when we were sharing our experience of warming back in our own towns, there were a lot of similarities, even though we came from different latitudes. As a subtropical kid, I'd noticed shorter and humider winter during the past several years. Those days were unbearable and painful, as I prayed the weather could get colder everyday. I used to think that was just normal temperature swings, but they offered me the same observations, like even though at the north part of China, the winter got shorter and shorter each year. And we all realized that the issue was actually crazy.","More images as complement of sentences, definitely. An app with no images is just like a hot pot with no spicy peppers: it's too plain to be stimulating or involving. I feel like with this kind of design, we are only limited to standard and formal answers. Crazy photos could definitely let out our creativity, which would make the conversations as excited as I expected. It was OK, it was not bad, but just lacked a little bit of the adrenaline. 
Another potential improvement could lie in that giving us fun facts after each question. Because our knowledge is actually limited, adding them could help us learn, instead of only letting us talk. Some of the things we say could be just intuitional guesses, and we dont even realize.",,,,1534025,"We shared many opinions on the global collaborations over this issue. I guessed the major reason was that we all agreed that reversing the climate trend could not be done by just a small crowd. It was such a complex issue that every one on the Earth was needed to do his part of the job. And we all have a lot of opinions to share.
We went from what should individuals in every country do to how countries should collaborate on resources, economics and technologies, etc. The common ideas were that we should improve the awareness and understandings with more education. People would care more when they realized how bad the situation was. And then as the answers for questions in the app, we thought it would be great if developed countries would pay for their carbon emissions in the past. The reason was simply that it was fair, every one paid for emissions."
11/30/2017 16:21:45,"It went alright. It started out fun but it definitely turned into something more serious. I was talking with my family, specifically my mother and my grandparents, as well as my boyfriend. When it came to my boyfriend and I, we had very similar views but they differed in quite drastic ways in some points from both my mother and my grandparents. Our different generational views seemed to have big impacts on our thoughts on climate change. For me, I think that they are being stubborn and ignorant to the facts and for them, they think I'm too young and naive to know enough to make an informed decision. 
The fact that we were talking as a family I think allowed us to be more honest about our opinions, even if they weren't the nicest, because we felt we were in a safe place. I think if I was talking to my friends or strangers the conversation would have gone a lot differently.  If I was talking to my friends I think there would be a lot more agreement and thinking about what we can do as a generation to help the planet instead of just arguing about whether or not climate change even exists or not. With strangers, I think it would be interesting because you would get to talk to people who may have different opinions than you and maybe become more aware of issues you hadn't thought of yet. ","I think I would add some bullet points to the questions in order to give people more ideas about what you could talk about regarding the question. I think you could also add a forum so that you could type in your answers to the questions and then read other people's answers. I think getting to see what other people said would allow you to think more outside your own box and maybe open up the conversation more.
Overall I really like the idea of the app. It really opens up the conversation about climate change in a way that *may* allow for less arguing. Instead of just being a conversation about whether it exists or not, it's a conversation about specific instances/events in the world and their impacts. ",,No.,,1642541,"I would say the political/policy questions definitely sparked the most conversation. Probably because I have very differing views from my mother and grandparents on policy. Those questions kind of took us off the topic of climate change in that we ended up talking about our current administration and the ways in which we support/don't support the decisions regarding the environment. There was also a question I got regarding if we should have to pay for our own emissions that sparked much conversation that ended in an argument, again based on our greatly differing opinions. 
I think the questions that were the most productive in my opinion were the ones that forced us all to think of people in different situations from us. For example, we had a question regarding what its like for coal miners and those who live near coal mines. For us as a family this isn't something we really think about. We just have coal, we don't think about where it comes from. But this question made us rethink what the impact  of coal consumption has on the people who have to go get the coal for us, and how it pollutes the area near it and sickens those people. I think it really opened up our eyes to the fact that our decisions affect others in ways we don't really think about. "
11/30/2017 20:14:14,I was talking with my friends and the conversation was kind of serious. We all felt that climate is changing and were very serious about it. ,I would add more questions so that people can discuss more about it. ,,I did not experience any glitches. Nice app so far!,,choi828,"How is your community shaped by the climate or landscape? How might it be affected by climate change?
This question sparked the most conversation. When I was young back in my country South Korea, summer and winter both were my favorite seasons. Summer was very warm and kind of windy where I can hang out with my friends well. And winter was cool and there was some snow. However, now summer and winter in Korea is disaster. Summer is too hot even I can fry eggs on the ground. And winter is too cold I can not even go out without any thick clothings. Because of this climate change, people got more stronger. "
11/30/2017 21:45:47,"Our conversation started of as humorous, it was with a group friends and family  however  soon after our conversation turned a bit more serious as we began discussing and playing the trivia game. I realized that we don't really discuss topics related to climate change and also ways in which we can become more knowledgeable about what is going on in our environment .",maybe including topics such as increase famine due to climate change and also other sorts of things that will occur in the event that our carbon footprint doesn't change.  ,,the app was actually very insightful,,1770906,"one of the conversations that had various points of views from each of our family members was temperature changes. Mainly because each person had a different perspective of what these temperatures actually meant. For many the changes in temperature didn't really mean much only that it would be slightly warmer and they saw this as a ""good "" thing . This became a topic of disagreement because they didn't see how our carbon footprint and greenhouse gases are affecting climate. Many suggest that if these are important aspects of climate then why aren't we hearing much about it on the media and also why the public is confused on wether or not changes in climate will impact our environment but also human life. 
"
12/1/2017 1:56:12,It was serious. My family takes climate change really seriously and it's always a damper on any conversation because we always consider the long run and what Earth will be like when my kids have their own children. We wonder if it's selfish to have kids grow in such a badly polluted Earth.,Maybe get to choose topics you want to stay away from and ones you want to focus on,,"Yes, an error message: There was a problem loading your game state: No game in progress found",,1660779,"The ones that were more political, like when George Bush acknowledged that the Earth's temp was rising. We talked a lot about Trump and how he can't even acknowledge it."
12/1/2017 12:47:36,It was quite lighthearted. I had conversation with friends. ,"I would change this app by adding more information about climate and environment. Some of us are not really familiar with climate knowledge, so we needed more background information to answer the question.",,There were some technological glitches.,,sikim45,"We mostly talked about recent climate changes and consequences. The question that sparked the most is about the hurricane. Most of us experienced severe hurricane, so we could talk about it with more agreement."
12/1/2017 12:50:06,It was serious,I don't know,,no,,1263685,Artic Sea ice melting
12/1/2017 12:52:15,"Somewhat lighthearted and humorous. I did not want it to be that serious, and I talked with my friends.",I thought this app was just great.,,Nope,,1238914,"We talked a lot about ice melting because we think it is the most wide spread issue over the world.  Also, many movies are treating the issue.  We concluded that humans are the cause of this global warming and we need to do something about it like solar system and non-fuel cars.  I believe we can do our best to come up with best solutions someday."